Title	Source	Date_Published	Description	Content	Link
Beware of Cryptocurrency Wallet Scams	Clayton County Register -	8 hours ago	"Cryptocurrency has become an integral part of our lives, but along with its growing popularity comes an increased risk of scams."		https://www.claytoncountyregister.com/news2/beware-of-cryptocurrency-wallet-scams/1138705/
Maximizing Profits and Reducing Risks: A Strategic Approach to Exiting the Cryptocurrency Market	Clayton County Register -	8 hours ago	"Exiting the cryptocurrency market at the right moment is just as important as deciding to invest. Dennis Liu, also known as Virtual Bacon,..."		https://www.claytoncountyregister.com/news2/maximizing-profits-and-reducing-risks-a-strategic-approach-to-exiting-the-cryptocurrency-market/1138625/
Bitcoin regains $1 trillion market cap as the cryptocurrency hits over two-year high	CNBC	4 days ago	"Bitcoin broke through the $51000 level on Wednesday, marking the first time it has hit this price since December 2021."		https://www.cnbc.com/2024/02/14/bitcoin-btc-regains-1-trillion-market-cap-after-price-rise.html
Top 10 Cryptocurrencies In February 2024 – Forbes Advisor UK	Forbes	2 weeks ago	Important Disclosure: The content provided does not consider your particular circumstances and does not constitute personal advice.		https://www.forbes.com/uk/advisor/investing/cryptocurrency/top-10-cryptocurrencies-february-2024/
Cryptocurrency Market News: Bitcoin Scales $50K	Investopedia	5 days ago	"Bitcoin price popped past $50000 on Monday, for the first time since late 2021, riding a bullish sentiment propelled by bitcoin..."	"Trending Videos











Key Takeaways

Bitcoin briefly topped $50,000 for the first time in more than two years at midday Monday, and this week analysts are tracking whether it can rise and hold above that level.Spot bitcoin exchange-traded funds (ETFs) at the end of last week posted their strongest net inflows since the start of trading in January.A Grayscale report points to spot bitcoin ETF inflows and the upcoming bitcoin halving as potential tailwinds for prices.The pro-bitcoin president of El Salvador was re-elected for another term.The Solana network experienced another outage, temporarily halting the use of decentralized applications built on that blockchain.



A weekly round up of cryptocurrency market news, why that matters to you and what it means for crypto investors in the coming days.



Bitcoin price (BTCUSD) popped past $50,000 on Monday, for the first time since late 2021, riding a strong bullish sentiment propelled by bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) inflows, exuberance around the upcoming halving, and the re-election of El Salvador's pro-bitcoin president, Nayib Bukele.


   What Happened In Crypto Markets Last Week?  

Bitcoin investors enjoyed a roughly 15% rally over the past week through midday Monday to touch $50,000 from under $43,000. Much of that is credited to spot bitcoin ETFs but that wasn't the only factor driving up prices.


  Spot Bitcoin ETFs Were On a Roll  

Spot bitcoin ETFs that were recently approved by U.S. regulators experienced their second-largest day in terms of inflows last Friday, with a little more than $540 million flowing into various bitcoin ETF offerings that day.



Thursday showed strong numbers for the ETF category as well, with more than $400 million of net inflows. This despite more than $150 million flowing out of Grayscale Bitcoin Trust (GBTC) over the two-day period. BlackRock's iShares Bitcoin Trust (IBIT) accounted for nearly half of all inflows over those two days.



According to Bloomberg Senior ETF Analyst Eric Balchunas, IBIT and Fidelity's Wise Origin Bitcoin Fund (FBTC) are the two largest ETFs in history when measured by assets held after only one month of existence.


  Bitcoin Halving Optimism Propped Up Price  

The combination of robust spot bitcoin ETF inflows and the scheduled bitcoin halving event expected by midyear—which will cut in half the value of rewards for mining bitcoin—appears to be driving the positive narrative in crypto overall, as indicated in a report issued by crypto investment firm Grayscale Advisors LLC last week.



The report suggested that the coming round of bitcoin halving differs significantly from previous ones and may not prove all negative for bitcoin miners.



""While the reduction in block rewards poses a challenge, the growing roles of ordinal inscriptions and Layer 2 projects within the Bitcoin ecosystem have recently emerged as promising use cases,"" the report said.



Bitcoin ordinals assign more information to the serial numbers of each satoshi, the smallest bitcoin unit and the extra data is referred to as an inscription. Layer 2 projects are meant to improve the throughput—or processing speed—of any cryptocurrency blockchain network.



""These innovations may offer a silver lining for miners by potentially both enhancing transaction throughput and increasing transaction fees for the network,"" the Grayscale report said.


  El Salvador's Crypto-Loving President Got Another Term  

A bitcoin-relevant geopolitical event was the re-election of pro-crypto President Nayib Bukele in El Salvador via a landslide victory.



The country has accumulated bitcoin to hold in reserve and made the cryptocurrency legal tender in 2021 under Bukele's leadership, among other initiatives, although momentum has been limited for his highly publicized plans for a tax-free crypto haven powered by geothermal energy from a volcano, according to Reuters.


  Solana Outage  

Beyond bitcoin, another news development in crypto was the temporary halting of the Solana (SOLUSD) network on Feb. 6 due to a bug. The level of centralization in Solana, which has experienced heightened activity in recent months, and limited ability for the network to be paused for maintenance is something the crypto system has been criticized for in the past.


   What To Expect From Crypto Markets This Week  

This week, analysts will be tracking how high bitcoin can do after breaking through the key price level on Monday. The crypto asset previously faced resistance below $50,000 in late March 2022 and in early January of this year. However, analysts at Bernstein expect a ""FOMO"" or fear-of-missing-out rally in bitcoin.



In other notable crypto happenings, the Craig Wright v. Crypto Open Patent Alliance (COPA) case will continue in the UK. Wright is facing charges of ""industrial scale"" forgeries in an attempt to convince people he is bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto.




Do you have a news tip for Investopedia reporters? Please email us at
tips@investopedia.com"	https://www.investopedia.com/cryptocurrency-market-news-week-of-feb-12-8575903
Cryptocurrency firm Terraform Labs files for bankruptcy in US	BBC	4 weeks ago	The cryptocurrency company behind the crashed TerraUSD and Luna tokens has filed for bankruptcy in the US. Terraform Labs' tokens collapsed...		https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-68055557
Is Cryptocurrency Like Stocks and Bonds? Courts Move Closer to an Answer.	The New York Times	3 weeks ago	"For more than a decade, the pioneers of the cryptocurrency industry envisioned digital coins as an alternate branch of finance,..."		https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/26/technology/cryptocurrency-stocks-bonds-courts-move-closer-to-an-answer.html
4 Cryptocurrency Predictions for 2024	The Motley Fool	1 month ago	"Though there are thousands upon thousands of digital currencies to choose from, it's Bitcoin (BTC -0.50%) and Ethereum that have done most of..."		https://www.fool.com/investing/2023/12/31/4-cryptocurrency-predictions-for-2024/
Hackers steal $112 million of XRP Ripple cryptocurrency	TechCrunch	2 weeks ago	"On Tuesday, hackers stole around $112 million of the Ripple-focused cryptocurrency XRP from a crypto wallet, Ripple's co-founder and..."	"On Tuesday, hackers stole around $112 million of the Ripple-focused cryptocurrency XRP from a crypto wallet, Ripple’s co-founder and executive chairman has disclosed.
Ripple’s Chris Larsen said on Wednesday that the stolen crypto was his. Larsen wrote on X (previously Twitter) that “there was unauthorized access to a few of my personal XRP accounts (not Ripple) — we were quickly able to catch the problem and notify exchanges to freeze the affected addresses. Law enforcement is already involved.”
Larsen wrote the post less than an hour after the well-known crypto security researcher ZachXBT broke news of the hack.
 
Contact Us
		Do you have more information about this hack? We’d love to hear from you. From a non-work device, you can contact Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai securely on Signal at +1 917 257 1382, or via Telegram, Keybase and Wire @lorenzofb, or email lorenzo@techcrunch.com. You also can contact TechCrunch via SecureDrop.	

In a post on X, the crypto security researcher added that the stolen XRP funds have already been laundered through several crypto exchanges and platforms, including Binance and Kraken. Binance spokesperson Simon Matthews told TechCrunch that the company is “aware and actively supporting the investigation.”
“We are aware of the incident. We have an incident response capability and undertake proactive review of open source to identify incidents such as this, engage with victims and prevent Kraken from being used in this way,” Kraken spokesperson Megan Thorpe told TechCrunch in an email.
However, the details of who controls and owns the hacked wallet is murky, as it may — or may not be — Ripple’s wallet.
According to on-chain data from XRPScan, the hacked wallet was called “Ripple (50)” and was activated by a separate wallet called “~FundingWallet1” on November 5, 2018. The ~FundingWallet1 was activated by Larsen’s account on February 6, 2013, about a month after his own account, ~chrislarsen, was created.
When TechCrunch reached out to Ripple, the company’s spokesperson Stacey Ngo referred to Larsen’s post and said that “Ripple was not impacted.”
Ripple has been around since 2012 and aims to be a payments and enterprise infrastructure provider made up of a network, protocol and decentralized public ledger called XRP Ledger. The network’s token, XRP, has a market capitalization of $27.4 billion and has fallen about 4% on the day following the news of the hack, according to CoinMarketCap data.
Now, some XRP holders are calling for the co-founders to disclose their crypto wallets and XRP holdings in an effort to improve transparency, while others like Thinking Crypto podcast host Tony Edward are calling for Larsen to “distance himself from Ripple as much as possible.”
This hack is the largest theft of cryptocurrency in 2024 so far, and the twentieth largest theft of cryptocurrency in recorded history, based on data collected by Rekt, a website that tracks web3 and crypto breaches.
Last year, hackers stole around $2 billion in cryptocurrency, according to crypto security firms that track these types of hacks.
This story was updated to include a statement from Kraken’s spokesperson."	https://techcrunch.com/2024/01/31/hackers-steal-112-million-of-xrp-ripple-cryptocurrency/
Does India's FIU Ban Affect Your Crypto Investment?	Forbes	1 month ago	"In the latest crypto news, the Indian government has actioned blocking URLs of nine cryptocurrency exchanges in the country."		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/in/investing/cryptocurrency/india-fiu-ban-impact-on-crypto-investment/
10 Best Cryptocurrencies To Buy In February 2024	Forbes	1 week ago	"With thousands of cryptocurrencies in existence, it's overwhelming to choose them. We listed the top 10 cryptocurrencies with their market..."		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/in/investing/cryptocurrency/top-10-cryptocurrencies/
Revolut plots 'standalone cryptocurrency exchange'	Blockworks	1 day ago	Revolut is sending out invites to select customers for a cryptocurrency exchange. The financial technology company said it's developing a...		https://blockworks.co/news/revolut-exchange-crypto-exchange
Cryptocurrency fraud: Man cheated of Rs 38 lakh by woman he met on matrimonial website	The Indian Express	17 hours ago	"According to police, 38-year-old Naman Aggarwal, who works at a consulting firm in Gurgaon, met the accused — who identified herself as..."		https://indianexpress.com/article/cities/delhi/man-cheated-of-rs-38-lakh-in-cryptocurrency-fraud-9167231/
Hawaii opens its doors to cryptocurrency	Hawaii Tribune-Herald	4 hours ago	"FILE - Bitcoin is for sale at an Automated Teller Machine at the Westfield Garden State Plaza shopping mall in Paramus, New Jersey, on March..."	"Hawaii News


 


Hawaii opens its doors to cryptocurrency
By  MICHAEL 
BRESTOVANSKY Hawaii Tribune-Herald | Sunday, February 18, 2024, 12:05 a.m. 



 


Share this story 





















 



FILE - Bitcoin is for sale at an Automated Teller Machine at the Westfield Garden State Plaza shopping mall in Paramus, New Jersey, on March 13, 2023. (AP Photo/Ted Shaffrey, File)





 



An advertisement for Bitcoin cryptocurrency is displayed in 2022 on a street in Hong Kong. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung, File)























Hawaii has quietly gone from one of most restrictive to one of the most open states in the country when it comes to cryptocurrency.


Hawaii has quietly gone from one of most restrictive to one of the most open states in the country when it comes to cryptocurrency.
Since 2014, a legal decision by the state has made it ruinously expensive for cryptocurrency companies to operate here, despite the growing proliferation and advancement of the technology.





ADVERTISING








That decision, explained Joe Kent, executive vice president at the Grassroot Institute of Hawaii, required any crypto company operating in Hawaii to have a valid money transmitter license.
But under the terms of the state Money Transmitters Act, crypto companies would be required to have on hand an amount of cash equivalent in value to all the cryptocurrency the company issued nationwide.
“It was enough to send crypto companies fleeing the islands,” Kent said.
Cryptocurrency has always been at odds with government regulations. Bitcoin, the most prominent example of the technology, originated as a means to specifically avoid government finance regulations and became the currency of choice for illicit transactions on online black markets.
The technology operates by virtue of an immutable digital ledger, called a blockchain, which is collectively maintained by a network of computers and secured through computer encryption. While many cryptocurrencies differ in operation, Bitcoin generates new coins through “mining”: computers compete to solve increasingly complex cryptographic equations, with the winning computer receiving a freshly minted Bitcoin, which at time of writing is worth nearly $52,000.
But in January, the state Division of Financial Institutions “changed its mind,” Kent said.
With little fanfare, the DFI announced on Jan. 25 that digital currency companies will no longer require a money transmitter license to operate in Hawaii and “will be able to continue transaction activity as an unregulated business,” according to the announcement.
The announcement came at the close of a four-year pilot project called the Digital Currency Innovation Lab, which allowed 10 digital currency companies to operate in the state without the money transmitter license. It was through this project, for example, that consumer Bitcoin machines have been allowed to operate in Hawaii gas stations, Kent said.
Following the results of the DCIL, the DFI concluded that “the activities conducted by digital currency companies did not align with the (state’s) concept of money transmission” and therefore shouldn’t be constrained by the Money Transmitters Act.
“So, we’ve gone from the worst state for crypto to one of the best,” Kent said. “We’re very happy about opening up new options for consumers.”
Now that crypto companies can more easily operate in Hawaii — although the DFI announcement did not specify when the change in regulations will take effect, nor did a Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs spokesperson respond to requests for comment — Kent said that more people will be able to access a versatile financial instrument that “is only gaining more and more widespread adoption.”
Kent predicted the looser regulations could allow more “legacy investors” — those whose investments are primarily in traditional instruments like stocks or bonds — to dip their toes into the crypto market. With more investors, and more adoption, he said digital currencies might see regular use as an actual currency beyond their primary usage as speculative investments.
“Some day, you might be able to buy a hot dog with crypto,” Kent said.
That said, cryptocurrencies remain an incredibly volatile asset. The crypto economy crashed in 2022 when prominent crypto exchange company FTX went bankrupt, and the value of any cryptocurrency can fluctuate wildly from day to day, or even hour to hour.
At least one investment company in Hawaii, Edward Jones Investments, does not deal in crypto because of that volatility: “It’s too risky,” said financial adviser Keith Marrack. “We don’t deal with it, and we don’t advise our clients to, either.”
“All we have to say is ‘buyer beware,’” Kent said.
The technology also is controversial for its extreme environmental impact. Because of the energy costs of maintaining multiple identical ledgers of every Bitcoin transaction ever made, as well as the increasing computing power necessary to mine new Bitcoins, the entire Bitcoin network currently is estimated to consume 168 terawatt-hours of electricity annually, according to data from the University of Cambridge. By comparison, 168 terawatt-hours is roughly the same amount of energy as was consumed by the country of Egypt in 2021.
Email Michael Brestovansky at mbrestovansky@hawaiitribune-herald.com.








Click here and log in to view this story






Start Free AccountGet access to 7 premium stories every month for FREE!


Already a Subscriber?Current print subscriber? Activate your complimentary Digital account.


Subscribe NowChoose a package that suits your preferences.





 


 PREVIOUS STORY

Bill proposes moving Hawaii school construction oversight back to DOE






Share this story 




























 










 








 











Get the latest news by e-mail


Sign Up

 






Most Popular






1
‘I miss you so much Sam’: Hundreds pay final respects to teen fatally struck by police cruiser




2
Hilo man charged with mail theft, other ID theft offenses




3
Hawaii opens its doors to cryptocurrency




4
Obituaries for February 18




5
BIIF baseball teams get early-season looks at Costales tournament










 







 






































































 







  








                Featured Jobs      

                Featured Jobs"	https://www.hawaiitribune-herald.com/2024/02/18/hawaii-news/hawaii-opens-its-doors-to-cryptocurrency/
Cryptocurrency Basics (And Why Bitcoin is Still Around)	NerdWallet	1 month ago	"Cryptocurrency (or “crypto”) is a digital currency, such as Bitcoin, that is used as an alternative payment method or speculative investment."		https://www.nerdwallet.com/article/investing/cryptocurrency
Top 10 cryptocurrencies of 2024	USA Today	3 days ago	"While cryptocurrency investors await further developments on the regulatory front, most major cryptos have enjoyed positive momentum..."		https://www.usatoday.com/money/blueprint/investing/cryptocurrency/top-10-cryptocurrencies/
Cryptocurrency Prices And News: Bitcoin Price Spikes Above $52500 To Two-Year High	Investor's Business Daily	3 days ago	"Bitcoin bobbed high and low, trading around $52,300 early Thursday after easing from $52,517 — running further up against December 2021 levels."		https://www.investors.com/news/cryptocurrency-prices-news/
"Crypto Market : Cryptocurrency Marketcap Close to 2T, What's Next?"	CoinGape	1 day ago	"Here are latest insights into the cryptocurrency market surge, including Bitcoin's resilience and milestone $2 trillion market cap."		https://coingape.com/blog/crypto-market-cryptocurrency-marketcap-close-to-2t-whats-next/
"The Crypto Question: Bitcoin, Digital Dollars, and the Future of Money"	Council on Foreign Relations	1 month ago	The dizzying rise of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies has created new challenges for governments and central banks. Increasing popularity and high levels...		https://www.cfr.org/backgrounder/crypto-question-bitcoin-digital-dollars-and-future-money
"Altcoin Season Has Begun, Analysts Declare This New Cryptocurrency a Must-Buy"	Crypto Daily	8 hours ago	The winds of change are blowing through the cryptocurrency industry as altcoin season gains momentum. Analysts have detected distinct...		https://cryptodaily.co.uk/2024/02/altcoin-season-has-begun-analysts-declare-this-new-cryptocurrency-a-must-buy
Cryptocurrency Scandal: The Fall of FTX's Sam Bankman-Fried and the Alleged Deltec Bank Connection	BNN Breaking	2 hours ago	"The cryptocurrency world is in turmoil as Sam Bankman-Fried, founder of FTX, faces fraud charges. Allegations reveal a clandestine..."		https://bnnbreaking.com/finance-nav/cryptocurrency-scandal-the-fall-of-ftxs-sam-bankman-fried-and-the-alleged-deltec-bank-connection
Bitcoin ETFs: Record Inflows Propel Cryptocurrency Market to New Highs	ISP Today	3 hours ago	"The past week has witnessed an unprecedented surge in Bitcoin ETFs, with over $2.2 billion flowing into these crypto investment vehicles,..."		https://isp.today/bitcoin-etfs-record-inflows-propel-cryptocurrency-market-to-new-highs/
"Bitcoin price tops $50,000 after spot ETF launches spur demand"	Financial Times	5 days ago	Flagship cryptocurrency rallies to 2021 levels on optimism about mainstream investor appetite.	"BitcoinAdd to myFTGet instant alerts for this topicManage your delivery channels hereRemove from myFTBitcoin price tops $50,000 after spot ETF launches spur demandFlagship cryptocurrency rallies to 2021 levels on optimism about mainstream investor appetite Bitcoin has gained almost 15% since the start of the year, largely driven by the SEC reversing a decade-old policy to approve several spot bitcoin ETFs © ReutersBitcoin price tops $50,000 after spot ETF launches spur demand on x (opens in a new window)Bitcoin price tops $50,000 after spot ETF launches spur demand on facebook (opens in a new window)Bitcoin price tops $50,000 after spot ETF launches spur demand on linkedin (opens in a new window)Bitcoin price tops $50,000 after spot ETF launches spur demand on whatsapp (opens in a new window)



Save

Bitcoin price tops $50,000 after spot ETF launches spur demand on x (opens in a new window)Bitcoin price tops $50,000 after spot ETF launches spur demand on facebook (opens in a new window)Bitcoin price tops $50,000 after spot ETF launches spur demand on linkedin (opens in a new window)Bitcoin price tops $50,000 after spot ETF launches spur demand on whatsapp (opens in a new window)



Save

Scott Chipolina in London and Will Schmitt in Miami Jump to comments sectionPrint this pageUnlock the Editor’s Digest for freeRoula Khalaf, Editor of the FT, selects her favourite stories in this weekly newsletter.The price of bitcoin traded above $50,000 on Monday for the first time since 2021, underscoring the sharp change in appetite for the token since mainstream bitcoin investment funds launched earlier this year.The industry’s flagship cryptocurrency has gained almost 15 per cent since the start of the year, largely driven by the US Securities and Exchange Commission reversing a decade-old policy to approve several spot bitcoin exchange traded funds, vehicles offering investors exposure to the price of bitcoin through a regulated product.Many of Wall Street’s biggest names have offered spot bitcoin ETFs, including BlackRock, the world’s largest asset manager. But despite widespread anticipation over their launch the price of bitcoin fell roughly 15 per cent in the days following the SEC’s approval. The token’s recent surge to $50,000 — more than double the level at which it stood a year ago — follows evidence that the ETFs are bringing new money into the market and represents an opportunity for bitcoin to turn a corner for the long run, analysts said.“Following a disappointing launch of several bitcoin ETFs we’re now seeing continued inflows into newly issued funds, and I think we’re seeing much more organic demand for bitcoin as a result,” said James Butterfill, head of research at crypto investment group CoinShares.After the initial waves of inflows into new spot bitcoin ETFs and outflows from Grayscale Investments’ converted product, asset managers are turning their attention to the long-term investment case for bitcoin ETFs.According to data shared by CoinShares, the newly approved bitcoin ETFs have pulled in roughly $3bn in net flows, even after more than $6bn was pulled out of Grayscale’s product since its first day of trading as an ETF.As crypto offerings continue to penetrate the world of traditional finance, issuers are optimistic that mainstream investors will eventually allocate a small percentage of their portfolios to products such as bitcoin ETFs alongside traditional exposure to stocks and bonds.RecommendedLexBitcoinFake bitcoin post shows SEC crypto quandary Premium content“I think it’s something where you’ll start to see a specific allocation to that over time with the longer track record,” said Tim Huver, managing director on the US ETF services team at Brown Brothers Harriman. “I think we’ll see increasing adoption and interest in that space.” “We’ve been saying to clients one of the most important things is understanding the value of getting off zero,” added Kathy Kriskey, senior alternatives ETF strategist at Invesco, which partnered with Galaxy Digital to launch a bitcoin ETF last month. Investors could start by taking 1 per cent from their equity exposure and reallocating it to bitcoin, she said: “I think in the conversations with analysts right now, that idea of going from zero to 1 per cent is palatable.”The crypto industry has also been buoyed by hope that it has survived its toughest regulatory punishments and scandals. In November Binance — the world’s largest exchange — paid a $4.3bn fine to US authorities over charges related to money laundering and the violation of international sanctions.Optimism over bitcoin has further increased amid expectations that central banks will lower interest rates this year, making risk assets more attractive to investors. In April, the network that bitcoin runs on will also slow the circulation of available bitcoins, a scheduled update that the market expects will support further gains for the flagship cryptocurrency.RecommendedExchange traded fundsWhat ETFs mean for bitcoinHowever, other analysts are less convinced that bitcoin will sustain its recent upward trajectory.“I’m sure the bitcoin [bulls] will say the world is waking up to the reality of bitcoin, but given how nebulous the bitcoin ecosystem is, it’s hard to tell who’s buying and why,” said Jim Angel, faculty affiliate at Georgetown McDonough’s Psaros Center for Financial Markets and Policy. “The price of bitcoin will always fluctuate violently based on the number of true believers that want to buy, and the number of sceptics that want to sell,” he added.“If you monitor chatter about bitcoin’s value, online almost all of it is short-term technical analysis and there are almost no points made about its fundamental value,” Angel said.Video: Bitcoin mines could be used for energy storage | FT Tech
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2024. All rights reserved.Reuse this content (opens in new window) CommentsJump to comments sectionPromoted Content

					Follow the topics in this article
			



						Bitcoin
					



Add to myFT




						Cryptocurrencies
					



Add to myFT




						Markets
					



Add to myFT




						Exchange traded funds
					



Add to myFT




						US
					



Add to myFT



Comments"	https://www.ft.com/content/f243cd22-2f39-4c3c-b153-976e1ea48241
Gurugram-Based Consultant Duped Of Rs 38 Lakh In Cryptocurrency Fraud	NDTV	23 hours ago	"An executive of a Gurugram-based consulting firm was defrauded of about Rs 38 lakh by a woman who befriended him through a matrimonial site,..."		https://www.ndtv.com/india-news/gurugram-based-consultant-duped-of-rs-38-lakh-in-cryptocurrency-fraud-5076508
February 2024 Crypto Market Forecast – Forbes Advisor	Forbes	2 weeks ago	"Although the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission approved the first-ever spot bitcoin ETFs in January, it hasn't been the bullish..."		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/investing/cryptocurrency/crypto-market-outlook-forecast/
Pirate Chain (ARRR): The Cryptocurrency Fortifying Privacy and Security with zk-SNARKs	BNN Breaking	17 hours ago	"Pirate Chain (ARRR) has revolutionized cryptocurrency privacy and security using zk-SNARKs technology. Delve into its market performance,..."		https://bnnbreaking.com/tech/pirate-chain-arrr-the-cryptocurrency-fortifying-privacy-and-security-with-zk-snarks
The 10 Best Cryptocurrencies For February 2024 – Forbes Advisor Canada	Forbes	1 week ago	These are the 10 best cryptocurrencies by market cap as determined by Forbes Advisor .		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/ca/investing/cryptocurrency/top-10-cryptocurrencies/
Top Cryptocurrency Priced Below $0.01 Expected to Mirror Solana's (SOL) Success in 2024	Crypto Daily	18 hours ago	"In the rapidly changing world of digital currencies, investors are constantly on the lookout for the next big opportunity."		https://cryptodaily.co.uk/2024/02/top-cryptocurrency-priced-below-001-expected-to-mirror-solanas-sol-success-in-2024
"Scorpion Casino, Bitcoin Minetrix, ScapesMania - The Next Frontiers for Crypto Investors Seeking High Returns"	Analytics Insight	5 hours ago	"Scorpion Casino, Bitcoin Minetrix, and ScapesMania each offer unique avenues for crypto enthusiasts to capitalize on the crypto market."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Scorpion Casino, Bitcoin Minetrix, ScapesMania – The Next Frontiers for Crypto Investors Seeking High Returns





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













Scorpion Casino, Bitcoin Minetrix, and ScapesMania each offer unique avenues for crypto enthusiasts to capitalize on the market. Scorpion Casino introduces decentralized gambling and gaming, while Bitcoin Minetrix delves into the lucrative field of cryptocurrency mining. On the other hand, ScapesMania ventures into the world of non-fungible tokens (NFTs), tapping into the growing market for digital art and collectibles.
But these are not the only options available for investors seeking high returns in the cryptocurrency space. In our comprehensive guide, we’ll delve deeper into the intricacies of Scorpion Casino, Bitcoin Minetrix, and ScapesMania, exploring their similarities, differences, and potential for profitability. Join us as we navigate the exciting landscape of crypto investment and uncover the next frontiers for ambitious investors.
Scorpion Casino: Your Ticket to Financial Freedom
The Scorpion Casino (SCORP) is a crypto that uses blockchain technology to ensure security, transparency, and efficiency in the online gaming sector. With an eye on the market’s growth trajectory, Scorpion Casino Token lowers entry barriers, offering crypto investors a gateway to passive income in a growing sector.
Additionally, the Scorpion Casino is supported by a robust tokenomics system, including buy-backs and burns, which makes SCORP enhance the staking experience, promising a dynamic avenue for passive income. Crucially, Scorpion Casino’s revenue-sharing system remains independent of the crypto market’s fluctuations, establishing it as a resilient investment option.
The platform, operational for over 1.5 years, has achieved significant milestones, including successful V2 updates and strategic partnerships. Offering various NFT memberships with exclusive pre-sale perks, Scorpion Casino rewards $SCORP holders with daily passive staking income, ensuring continuous benefits even during the pre-sale phase.
With its fully licensed and regulated status, Scorpion Casino has already raised an impressive $4.5 million during its ongoing presale, with plans for further expansion and development. As it approaches its final presale phase and a listing announced on major exchanges like the renowned XT.com, crypto investors are now in a prime position to profit from its growth.
Bitcoin Minetrix – Revolutionizing Bitcoin Mining
Bitcoin Minetrix introduces a novel approach to Bitcoin mining, operating on a Stake-to-Mine model within the Ethereum network. Users stake their native $BTCMTX token to receive Bitcoin mining credits, simplifying the complexities of traditional mining and offering a user-friendly alternative for crypto enthusiasts.

Utilizing a Stake-to-Mine model, Bitcoin Minetrix empowers users to earn Bitcoin mining credits through staking, eliminating the need for specialized hardware or technical expertise. This approach democratizes Bitcoin mining, making it accessible to all crypto investors seeking passive income streams.
ScapesMania – Redefining the Gaming Ecosystem
ScapesMania (MANIA) disrupts the conventional meme coin trajectory by positioning itself as a comprehensive gaming ecosystem. With substantial utility and a focus on the thriving gaming industry, ScapesMania offers investors a unique opportunity to capitalise on the sector’s expansive growth potential.
As a comprehensive gaming ecosystem, ScapesMania taps into various facets of the gaming industry, offering diverse opportunities for investors and gamers alike. With a strong emphasis on community engagement and utility-driven initiatives, ScapesMania positions itself as a frontrunner in the gaming-centric crypto space.
Key Takeaways
In the ever-evolving landscape of cryptocurrency, opportunities abound for investors seeking high returns and solutions. While each platform – Scorpion Casino, Bitcoin Minetrix, and ScapesMania – offers distinct advantages and opportunities, Scorpion Casino emerges as the ultimate frontrunner for crypto investors. With its proven track record, robust tokenomics, and resilient revenue-sharing system, Scorpion Casino presents a compelling opportunity for investors to capitalize on the future of online gaming and crypto passive income. As the crypto market continues to evolve, Scorpion Casino remains poised to lead the charge towards greater financial prosperity. 
To learn more and invest in the Scorpion Casino presale, visit: 
Presale: https://presale.scorpion.casino/ 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/ScorpionCasino
Telegram: https://t.me/scorpioncasino_official
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Bitcoin Minetrix ScapesMania Scorpion Casino 
8 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/scorpion-casino-bitcoin-minetrix-scapesmania-the-next-frontiers-for-crypto-investors-seeking-high-returns/
"Final Opportunity to Participate in This New Cryptocurrency's Presale, Anticipated to Surge 20x on Initial Trading Day"	Finbold	1 hour ago	The cryptocurrency market continues to expand with new innovative projects. One launching soon that experts anticipate could surge over 20x...		https://finbold.com/final-opportunity-to-participate-in-this-new-cryptocurrencys-presale-anticipated-to-surge-20x-on-initial-trading-day/
"Crypto Headlines Of The Week: Bitcoin, Shiba Inu, & Terra Fuels Inferences"	CoinGape	6 hours ago	"Another week ends with Bitcoin, Shiba Inu, and Terra marking a storm of breakthroughs across the cryptocurrency realm."		https://coingape.com/crypto-headlines-of-the-week-bitcoin-shiba-inu-terra-fuels-inferences/
Top Cryptocurrency Prices and Market Cap	CoinDesk	1 day ago	Top Cryptocurrency Prices and Market Cap · Bitcoin BTC · Ethereum ETH · Binance Coin BNB · Solana SOL · XRP XRP · Cardano ADA · Avalanche AVAX · Dogecoin DOGE.		https://www.coindesk.com/data/?_rsc=15780
Analysts Predict This Emerging $0.01 Cryptocurrency Will Capture Market Share from Dogecoin and Shib	Crypto Daily	14 hours ago	"A new cryptocurrency called Pandoshi (PAMBO) has recently emerged in the crypto market, sparking interest from analysts who believe it can..."		https://cryptodaily.co.uk/2024/02/analysts-predict-this-emerging-001-cryptocurrency-will-capture-market-share-from-dogecoin-and-shib
US EIA Starts Requiring Energy Consumption Data From Cryptocurrency Miners	www.tradingview.com	1 day ago	"The U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA), a statistics agency of the U.S. Energy Department, has sent letters to cryptocurrency..."		https://www.tradingview.com/news/bitcoin_com:ea0f9804e094b:0-us-eia-starts-requiring-energy-consumption-data-from-cryptocurrency-miners/
Spot Bitcoin ETFs: What Are They and How Are They Doing So Far?	Bloomberg.com	1 day ago	The US Securities and Exchange Commission's decision to approve exchange-traded funds that invest directly in Bitcoin brought a new wave of...		https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-02-16/spot-bitcoin-etf-why-approval-by-the-sec-took-so-long
"Bitcoin prices soar, following post-approval surge in demand"	Euronews.com	3 days ago	"Bitcoin ETFs have seen more demand than previously expected, following last month's approval by the US Securities and Exchange Commission."		https://www.euronews.com/business/2024/02/14/bitcoin-prices-soar-following-post-approval-surge-in-demand
Solana Price Surges As Investors Flock To This New Crypto	Analytics Insight	4 hours ago	"Bitgert, a relatively new player in the crypto space, has been the recent attraction for investors looking for Solana's alternative."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Solana Price Surges As Investors Flock To This New Crypto





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













The last few crypto rallies have highlighted Solana as an emerging contender in the crypto space. While the latest bull run has given Solana a push, it still does not seem enough to captivate investors’ attention. Solana’s journey since its launch has been nothing short of extraordinary. However, it seems to take more than that to keep the investments incoming. 
Let’s backtrack on Solana’s journey so far before speaking about why there are investors flocking out. Solana’s growth since its launch was quick and exciting for many investors. It captured the attention of industry experts as well as investors alike. In 2021, Solana’s SOL witnessed a massive surge where its prices grew over 11,000%, outpacing the two crypto giants. Solana, despite its humbling start, established itself and boasted a multi-billion dollar market capital and a fierce growth ecosystem. 
The Solana Story:
Solana’s unparalleled success can be attributed to three things – 
Solana’s Speed: Solana has the capability to process 50,000 transactions per second, making it the most preferred dApp. 
Solana’s Scalability: Solana claims to be a near-zero gas fee platform that offers a cost-effective and efficient crypto experience.
Solana’s Affordability: The transaction fee average for Solana is $0.00025, making it accessible to a broader range of users. 
But despite its undeniable potential, Solana has yet not recognized as the best investment bet, making whales look for an alternative with promise and potential. At this point, it is clear that Solana’s (SOL) resistance and a stagnant price are leading investors to eagerly seek a promising alternative. 
Enter – Bitgert.  
Bitgert (BRISE): The New Cryptocurrency on the Horizon
Bitgert, a relatively new player in the crypto space, has been the recent attraction for investors looking for Solana’s alternative. As opposed to Soalan, Bitgert has the highest throughput (100,000 TPS) and lowest fees ($0.00000001 per transaction) among all known blockchains.
Bitgert offers near-zero gas fees and high-speed cross-chain transactions, and it seems to be disrupting the crypto landscape more than Solana lately. Launched as an application on the BNB Chain, Bitgert has since rebranded and introduced its own blockchain – the BRC20 blockchain. Bitgert’s native token, BRISE, also enables investors to benefit from staking and earning rewards on their investments. 
With plenty of developments in its pocket, Bitgert’s most anticipated announcement for mow is the complete reveal of UI designs of its exchange next week. The upgrade promises a more seamless experience to the users than before. That being said, as Solana grapples with resistance, Bitgert’s community grows steadily, attracting investors and whales alike. 
Are you eager to explore this enhanced version of the Bitgert exchange? 
For more information about Bitgert, visit 
Website: https://bitgert.com 
Telegram: t.me/bitgertbrise
Twitter: x.com/bitgertbrise
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Bitgert Solana Solana Price 
6 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/solana-price-surges-as-investors-flock-to-this-new-crypto/
Best Altcoin to Buy: BlockDAG Network's $2 Million Mega Giveaway Attracts Investors from MANIA and ApeMax	Analytics Insight	2 hours ago	Read to learn about the rapid sellout of BlockDAG Presale and its $2 Million Mega Giveaway initiative. Investors give up on MANIA and Apemax...	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Best Altcoin to Buy: BlockDAG Network’s $2 Million Mega Giveaway Attracts Investors from MANIA and ApeMax





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













Enthusiasts of cryptocurrencies are constantly searching for the newest and greatest product that can potentially give massive ROIs. Given the abundance of projects, selecting the best cryptocurrency might take time. In this article, we’ll explore the best altcoins to buy, emphasising three bright prospects: ApeMax Crypto, MANIA Presale and BlockDAG Presale.
BlockDAG Coin attracts crypto whales among these presale projects due to the rapid sellout of 1 billion BDAG coins in batch 1 presale. As the project launched, presale investors rushed towards BlockDAG and sold $1 million worth of BlockDAG coins in just 24 hours. Given the increasing interest of investors and crypto enthusiasts, BlockDAG has announced a $2 Million Mega Giveaway, adding to its allure.
MANIA Presale: Navigating Early Opportunities
ScapesMania offers a unique viewpoint to the cryptocurrency industry with its inventive fundamental concept. Because the initiative serves a wide audience, its environment is sustainable. ScapesMania balances the interests of novice gamers and experienced cryptocurrency users by uniquely bridging the gap between Web2 and Web3.
The main goal of ScapesMania is to provide the Web3 community a voice. By use of DAO governance, it gives holders the ability to direct the project’s direction. Envision controlling the course of an ecosystem operating in the $376 billion casual gaming market.

ApeMax’s Web3 Space Feature
ApeMax introduces Boost-to-Earn, a novel cryptocurrency coin concept transforming the Web3 environment with cutting-edge features and a distinct staking process. Incentives are available during ApeMax’s presale, such as early bird discounts through the limited-edition Loot Boxes. In addition, ApeMax has attracted much attention from the media and cryptocurrency aficionados.

BlockDAG Coin’s $2M Mega Giveaway
The rush to BlockDAG presale as the best altcoin to buy among MANIA and ApeMAX presales shows the importance of transparency and stability in the crypto market. The 1 billion sellout of BlockDAG coins in batch 1 presale ushers the project to batch 2, increasing the price by 50%.
Given the increased interest of investors during the initial batches, the developers announced a $2 million mega giveaway initiative. By the end of the giveaway, 50 lucky community members will gain massive cash prizes. To participate in the giveaway, participants should make sure that they follow the social media channels, submit their wallet address, increase their chances by completing all the quests and bring friends for extra entries.

Moreover, BlockDAG also emphasizes its user-friendly platform and strives to make the mining process accessible. BlockDAG X-Series home mining rigs are energy-efficient and aligned with the growing importance of sustainability in the cryptocurrency industry. This commitment reflects an awareness of environmental concerns and positions BlockDAG as a responsible player in the crypto-mining world.
BlockDAG is dedicated to environmentally friendly mining practices and seeks to expand crypto mining capabilities to mobile devices. For instance, the introduction of the BlockDAG X10, a mobile mining app, is a significant advancement. It enables users to mine 20 BDAG Coins daily, valued at $1 after launch. This innovation aligns with BlockDAG’s environmental sustainability objectives, making crypto mining a part of its eco-conscious efforts.

Changing Fortune Principles
BlockDAG is a stability, innovation, and community engagement project in the quest for lucrative cryptocurrency investments as the best altcoin to buy. Its rapid sellout of 1 billion BDAG coins in the presale and a $2 Million Mega Giveaway mark investor confidence and excitement. While MANIA Presale and ApeMax Crypto offer early entry advantages and innovative features, BlockDAG’s commitment to environmental sustainability and inclusive reward structures sets it apart. With user-friendly mining solutions and diverse incentives, BlockDAG attracts experienced miners and newcomers to the crypto sphere.
Join the BlockDAG Presale Before it’s Too Late:
Presale: https://purchase.blockdag.network
Website: https://blockdag.network
Telegram: https://t.me/blockDAGnetwork
Discord: https://discord.gg/Q7BxghMVyu
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
$MANIA ApeMax BlockDAG 
1 View 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/best-altcoin-to-buy-blockdag-networks-2-million-mega-giveaway-attracts-investors-from-mania-and-apemax/
Polkadot (DOT) Holders Love Pushd (PUSHD) as Solana (SOL) Investors Liken Platform to a Crypto Amazon	Analytics Insight	4 hours ago	"Polkadot (DOT) enthusiasts, alongside Solana (SOL) investors, are increasingly gravitating towards Pushd (PUSHD), attracted by its promise."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Polkadot (DOT) Holders Love Pushd (PUSHD) as Solana (SOL) Investors Liken Platform to a Crypto Amazon





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













Polkadot (DOT) enthusiasts, alongside Solana (SOL) investors, are increasingly gravitating towards Pushd (PUSHD), attracted by its promise to revolutionize the e-commerce space akin to what Amazon has achieved in the traditional retail sector. This comparison to Amazon is not made lightly; it stems from Pushd’s ambitious vision to create a decentralized platform that offers scalability, security and an enhanced user experience. The potential for 20x gains has further solidified Pushd’s appeal, positioning it as a must-watch project in the evolving crypto landscape.
Polkadot (DOT) Community’s Growing Interest
The Polkadot (DOT) community, characterized by its enthusiasm for interoperability and scalable multi-chain ecosystems, has shown a growing interest in Pushd (PUSHD). Recognizing the potential for Pushd (PUSHD) to create a decentralized marketplace that could rival traditional online retailers, Polkadot (DOT) holders are increasingly drawn to the project’s presale. Despite its innovative technology, Polkadot’s price has fallen significantly from its all-time high. This decline, along with broader market downturns is leading to investor skepticism and reduced interest in the currency.
Solana (SOL) Investors Draw Parallels to Amazon
Investors from the Solana (SOL) camp, attracted by the project’s high throughput and efficient blockchain infrastructure, are likening Pushd (PUSHD) to a ‘Crypto Amazon’. They see the platform’s potential to disrupt the e-commerce industry by providing a decentralized alternative that could offer a broader range of products, better security, and a more equitable system for sellers and buyers alike.
Pushd’s E-commerce Revolution
Pushd (PUSHD) elevates the user experience in e-commerce by seamlessly blending the convenience of online shopping with the benefits of blockchain technology. By providing reassuring security measures like a successfully completed audit, and user-friendly moves like no tedious KYC checks, Pushd (PUSHD) offers a shopping experience that is not only efficient but also highly rewarding, setting a new benchmark for customer satisfaction in digital marketplaces.
The comparison of Pushd (PUSHD) to Amazon by Solana (SOL) investors highlights the project’s ambitious vision to transform online shopping through blockchain technology.
With features designed to improve upon the current e-commerce model, Solana (SOL) is set to offer a new way of conducting online transactions that promises greater efficiency, reduced fees and enhanced user control, making it an attractive investment for Polkadot (DOT) and Solana (SOL) holders looking for groundbreaking opportunities in the crypto space.
The current price of Pushd (PUSHD) token is only $0.094 in its fifth stage of the presale, and investors are rushing in to get their hands on these coins as experts have projected a 20x hike is expected in Pushd’s price by September 2024.
Find out more about the Pushd presale at their official website.
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Polkadot Pushd Solana 
12 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/polkadot-dot-holders-love-pushd-pushd-as-solana-sol-investors-liken-platform-to-a-crypto-amazon/
Bitcoin Market Cap Tops $1 Trillion Again—That's Almost Twice That Of Tesla	Investopedia	3 days ago	Bitcoin crossed the $1 trillion market cap threshold for the first time since December 2021. The world's largest cryptocurrency enters...	"Trending Videos











Key Takeaways

Bitcoin crossed the $1 trillion market cap threshold for the first time since December 2021.The world's largest cryptocurrency enters market value territory that is occupied predominantly by global technology giants.Bitcoin's recent positive price action has occurred while the month-old spot bitcoin exchange-traded funds (ETF) are experiencing strong inflows.



Bitcoin's (BTCUSD) market capitalization swelled to more than $1 trillion for the first time since December 2021 as it traded firmly above the $51,000 level Wednesday, even briefly going past $52,000.



That puts the market value for the world's largest cryptocurrency in territory that is normally the domain of global tech giants such as Meta Platforms (META), and it's almost double that of Tesla (TSLA).


   Is This Bitcoin Rally Here To Stay?  

The last time bitcoin traded at these levels it was on its way back down from its all-time high around $69,000. However, the state of the bitcoin and crypto market today is quite different from what it was.



Back then, the market was much frothier. Today, bitcoin is in a bull market on the back of spot bitcoin ETF adoption and the upcoming halving event.



The past four full days of spot bitcoin ETF trading have all been some of the largest in terms of inflows, with more than $2 billion in net inflows occurring since Thursday.



Blackrock's iShares Bitcoin Trust (IBIT) has been the largest beneficiary of this activity, seeing roughly $1.4 billion of inflows during that time and growing to more than $4.6 billion in market value. Notably, the outflows from Grayscale Bitcoin Trust (GBTC) have also not been as large as they were in previous weeks.



""There is hundreds of millions of dollars per day flowing into these bitcoin ETFs, and there is only $40 (million) to $45 million of net-new bitcoin being produced,"" said technology investor Anthony Pompliano in an interview with Fox Business Tuesday. ""So, there's twelve-and-a-half times more demand than there is supply being created every single day. If there's that much demand and that little supply, the price has got to go up to accommodate everyone.""




Do you have a news tip for Investopedia reporters? Please email us at
tips@investopedia.com"	https://www.investopedia.com/bitcoin-market-cap-tops-usd1-trillion-again-almost-twice-that-of-tesla-8580414
Experts Affirm Bull Market Has Begun and Identify the Best Cryptocurrency to Hold for Full Advantage	Finbold	18 hours ago	"As the crypto industry continues to grow, new tokens aim for maximum real-world impact. One project capturing notable attention is Pandoshi..."		https://finbold.com/experts-affirm-bull-market-has-begun-and-identify-the-best-cryptocurrency-to-hold-for-full-advantage/
Cyberabad DCP Warns P2P Cryptocurrency Traders of Unwitting Cybercrime Involvement	BNN Breaking	7 hours ago	"Cyberabad's DCP, K Shilpavalli, cautions P2P cryptocurrency traders of becoming unwitting accomplices in cybercrime due to lack of KYC..."		https://bnnbreaking.com/breaking-news/crime/cyberabad-dcp-warns-p2p-cryptocurrency-traders-of-unwitting-cybercrime-involvement
"Top Crypto Presales Scorpion Casino, Meme Kombat, and Kelexo Causing a Stir With Price Predictions"	Analytics Insight	3 hours ago	"The cryptocurrency presale can be a bedding ground of short term success and long term standing, with developing projects competing for..."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Top Crypto Presales Scorpion Casino, Meme Kombat, and Kelexo Causing a Stir With Price Predictions





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













The cryptocurrency presale can be a bedding ground of short term success and long term standing, with developing projects competing for investor attention. The investor pool is becoming wise to projects promising the earth, instead opting for those concepts with realistic and profitable forecasts.
Recently three contenders have emerged as frontrunners in this presale market: Scorpion Casino (SCORP), Meme Kombat (MK), and Kelexo (KLXO). Each boasts unique features and promises, but only one can claim the crown. Let’s delve into their arsenals and assess their potential for victory.
Scorpion Casino Rewards Loyalty
Scorpion Casino quickly became a big name in the crypto space, with a licensed and regulated global casino platform set to rocket to the moon. This sets it apart from its competitors, offering a level of security and legitimacy that resonates with risk-averse investors. 
The major driving force of the project is its native token $SCORP, which grants holders access to a great selection of benefits with daily staking rewards up to 10,000 USDT in passive income, regardless of market conditions. This provides a safety net for investors, ensuring returns even during downturns.
Dual Token Rewards are also on offer for $SCORP holders earn not just in their native token but also in USDT, providing a stablecoin hedge against market volatility. Several top tier CEX listings are imminent for the project, ensuring more comprehensive market access and increased liquidity.
The Scorpion Casino has already raised over $4.8m with no signs of slowing down, indicating strong investor confidence. Scorpion Casino’s presale is in its final phase, and with daily USDT rewards withdrawable even during this stage, early investors have the potential to reap significant gains. Additionally, the platform boasts four celebrity ambassadors, further solidifying its brand recognition and appeal.

Meme Kombat Investors Getting a Kick Out Of Crypto
Meme Kombat has been touted as the first-of-its-kind Web3 gaming platform, allowing players to engage in meme battles and wager on their outcomes, injecting a layer of excitement and potential profit into the meme coin space. With $8 million raised so far, the project is nearing its $10 million hard cap, indicating strong community backing.
However, compared to Scorpion Casino’s focus on rewards and regulation, Meme Kombat’s primary value proposition lies in its entertainment and novelty factors. While this caters to a specific audience, it might not hold the same universal appeal as Scorpion Casino’s broader financial benefits.
Kelexo Aims For Timing and Affordability
With its native KLXO token, Kelexo boasts an attractive initial offering price of $0.022 and a total market supply of 440 million tokens, making it an accessible option for budget-conscious investors. The project’s timing is also strategic, as it enters the market during a period of uncertainty for other cryptocurrencies, potentially attracting investors seeking stability.
However, Kelexo lacks the established platform and immediate utility offerings of Scorpion Casino or the unique entertainment aspect of Meme Kombat. Its success will hinge on its ability to build a strong community and deliver on its long-term roadmap.
Which Crypto Presale Will Come Out On Top?
While all three presales offer promising features, Scorpion Casino stands out with its unique combination of immediate financial rewards, a licensed platform, and a rapidly growing community. Its focus on security and stability caters to a broader audience, while its dual token rewards and upcoming exchange listings offer additional value propositions. Meme Kombat’s innovative gameplay and Kelexo’s affordability might appeal to specific investor segments, but they face the challenge of establishing themselves in a crowded market.
To learn more about Scorpion Casino, check out the links below and invest in the presale. 
Presale: https://presale.scorpion.casino/ 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/ScorpionCasino
Telegram: https://t.me/scorpioncasino_official
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Kelexo (KLXO) Meme Kombat ($MK) Scorpion Casino (SCORP) 
10 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-crypto-presales-scorpion-casino-meme-kombat-and-kelexo-causing-a-stir-with-price-predictions/
What Can You Buy With Bitcoin?	Investopedia	2 weeks ago	Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have attracted the interest of investors and many vendors accept it as payment.	"Trending Videos









When launched in 2009, Bitcoin was supposed to be a medium for daily transactions, making it possible to buy everything from a cup of coffee to a computer. Created by Satoshi Nakamoto, a range of products and services can be purchased by Bitcoin in 2024.





Key Takeaways 

Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies can be used to buy a range of products and services.Bitcoin launched in 2009.Electronics, luxury watches, and cars are among the items that cryptocurrency can purchase.


   Bitcoin as Currency  

Retailer and consumer acceptance of Bitcoin has mirrored its wild ride in crypto markets, and as its value increased in 2017, so did its appeal as a currency. Innovations like the Lightning Network scale the number of transactions in the cryptocurrency’s network, making them faster and more efficient.



Cryptocurrency is no longer confined to an obscure corner of the financial services industry. The crypto exchange platform Coinbase’s public listing, new price records, and positive mentions by regulators and policymakers are proof of its potential.






The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission approved the first 11 spot bitcoin ETFs in the United States on Jan. 10, 2024. Bitcoin futures ETFs have been trading since 2021.



   Making Purchases  

The easiest way to buy anything with Bitcoin is with a crypto debit card. Such cards are preloaded with the cryptocurrency of your choice. While you spend crypto, the retailer receives fiat money as payment. Crypto debit cards partner with payment-processing giants like Mastercard and Visa to ensure transactions occur seamlessly.






PayPal allows customers to buy, sell, and hold cryptocurrency in their accounts.


   What You Can Buy  

Cars: The list includes Lamborghinis, and electric carmaker Tesla has joined the list of companies that enable you to purchase cars with cryptocurrency. Tesla CEO and X Corp owner Elon Musk is a crypto enthusiast and supports Bitcoin.
Technology and E-commerce Products: Several companies that sell tech products accept cryptocurrency, including Newegg, AT&T, and Microsoft. Other sites, including Shopify and the Japanese e-commerce giant Rakuten, allow you to purchase products with Bitcoin.
Jewelry and Watches: The online luxury retailer BitDials offers Rolex, Patek Philippe, and other high-end watches in return for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. Luxury watchmaker Franck Muller produced a watch encrusted with gold and diamonds with a QR code from the Bitcoin genesis block.
News Media: The Chicago Sun-Times became the first publication to accept Bitcoin on its platform in 2014. That same year, magazine publisher Time Inc. began accepting cryptocurrency for digital subscriptions. In 2019, the magazine publisher formed a new cryptocurrency partnership with Crypto.com.
Insurance: In April 2021, Swiss insurer AXA began accepting cryptocurrency as a mode of payment for all of its lines of insurance except for life insurance. Metromile, an agency that sells ""pay-per-mile"" auto insurance policies, also accepts Bitcoin for premium payments.






Overstock, an e-commerce platform selling a wide array of merchandise, was among the first sites to accept Bitcoin in 2014; its founder, Patrick Byrne, was an early proponent.




How Can I Buy Something With Bitcoin?
The easiest and most convenient way to make purchases using bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies is with a cryptocurrency debit card. These cards are available from major crypto exchanges and other providers, and holders can withdraw cash from participating ATMs. Many use networks such as Mastercard and Visa.




How Does a Bitcoin Debit Card Work?
Bitcoin debit cards work much like regular prepaid debit cards and are preloaded with bitcoin or another cryptocurrency of your choice. When you use them at a store, the money is withdrawn from your card in cryptocurrency and paid to the merchant in fiat money, such as dollars. When your balance gets low, you can reload the card.




Can I Use Bitcoin to Make Purchases on Amazon?
While Amazon and most other large online retailers do not accept bitcoin directly, buying an Amazon gift card with bitcoin is easy by navigating to various retail Bitcoin-friendly retailers like Bitrefill.com at the exchange rate. As far back as 2014, Amazon said it had no plans to engage with bitcoin.


   The Bottom Line  

The list of goods and services you can buy with Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is growing as people and vendors get more comfortable with virtual money. Insurance, consumer staples, luxury watches, and event tickets are among the items that cryptos will buy. Available from major crypto exchanges and other providers, debit cards permit holders to withdraw cash from participating ATMs."	https://www.investopedia.com/what-can-you-buy-with-bitcoin-5179592
The Economics Teacher of the New Generation: Cryptocurrency Ideology	Monthly Review	3 days ago	The widespread ownership of crypto currencies in countries like Turkey and Argentina has created the grounds for a very reactionary economic...		https://mronline.org/2024/02/15/the-economics-teacher-of-the-new-generation-cryptocurrency-ideology/
5 Crypto Stocks Riding on the Hot Bitcoin Rally This Year	Yahoo Finance	1 day ago	"Bitcoin, the world's largest cryptocurrency, has reclaimed its market cap to more than $1 trillion for the first time in two years."		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/5-crypto-stocks-riding-hot-144400491.html
Best Crypto Apps & Exchanges of February 2024	Forbes	2 weeks ago	"To help you find the right crypto exchange for you, Forbes Advisor combed through the leading exchange offerings and reams of data to..."		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/investing/cryptocurrency/best-crypto-exchanges/
Super Junior’s Choi Siwon dismisses alleged involvement in cryptocurrency fraud	Hindustan Times	4 days ago	Super Junior's Choi Siwon in a statement said that he was never appointed as an ambassador for the Korea Youth Committee's Youth Pay.		https://www.hindustantimes.com/entertainment/music/super-junior-choi-siwon-dismisses-alleged-involvement-in-cryptocurrency-fraud-101707831857432.html
Crypto Analyst behind Dogecoin (Doge) and Shiba Inu (Shib) Predictions in 2021 Picks Out New Token with Similar ...	Analytics Insight	9 hours ago	"As meme mania cools around Dogecoin (DOGE) and Shiba Inu (SHIB), the crypto analyst predicts the next viral hit could be Retik Finance."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Crypto Analyst behind Dogecoin (Doge) and Shiba Inu (Shib) Predictions in 2021 Picks Out New Token with Similar Potential in the Upcoming Bullrun





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













A crypto analyst known for predicting the meteoric rise of Dogecoin and Shiba Inu in 2021 has now set his sights on Retik Finance (RETIK), calling it a promising new token with similar potential. As meme mania cools around Dogecoin (DOGE) and Shiba Inu (SHIB), the crypto analyst predicts the next viral hit could be Retik Finance. RETIK brings fresh innovation to DeFi through its debit cards, multi-chain wallet, and P2P lending solutions.
Dogecoin and Shiba Inu Recap
Dogecoin (DOGE) gained over 23,300% in 2021, turning some investors into millionaires practically overnight. The meme-inspired token benefitted from celebrity backers like Elon Musk and an army of retail traders. Similarly, Shiba Inu (SHIB) climbed an astonishing 43 million percent in the same year Though considered a Dogecoin spinoff, Shiba Inu distinguished itself through traits like its integration with the Ethereum blockchain. Both Dogecoin (DOGE) and Shiba Inu (SHIB) delivered once-in-a-lifetime returns, cementing their status as breakout stars of 2021. However, analysts believe their glory days have passed.
Introducing Retik Finance 
As the explosive rallies of 2021 fade into memory, Dogecoin and Shiba Inu seem to have run out of steam. But the analyst predicts a new utility-focused crypto on the horizon in the form of Retik Finance (RETIK). Currently raising funds via presale, Retik Finance aims to push crypto’s real-world utility to the next level through an innovative suite of DeFi solutions, including:
DeFi Debit Cards: Make seamless purchases with Retik’s crypto debit cards – online, in-store, and even offline. With tiers ranging from 2.5% to 5% cashback and no KYC needed, these cards offer unrivaled convenience, privacy, rewards. Gain global, anonymous access to your crypto.  

Payment Gateway: As a merchant, easily accept crypto payments from customers. Retik Finance is already pioneering crypto adoption among retailers through this fuss-free gateway.
Retik Wallet: Manage your crypto safely via Retik’s highly secure, non-custodial multi-chain wallet that gives you full control over assets.
Swap Aggregator: Stop overpaying on trades. Retik’s smart aggregator scans exchanges in real time to find you the most competitive rates.
P2P Lending: Tired of subpar returns from traditional lending platforms? Retik Finance deploys AI to connect you to borrowers, ensuring you maximize earnings.
Perpetual Futures & Options: Trade without expiry dates or complex order types. Retik simplifies futures and options trading for seamless access to these markets. 
And if that array of value-adding functionality wasn’t enough, Retik Finance has already notched impressive milestones pre-launch, like:


Listings on CoinMarketCap & CoinGecko: Certifying RETIK’s credibility amidst a sea of untrustworthy meme tokens.  


$25 Million Presale Raise: Validating market enthusiasm for this promising upstart.


Certik Audit Passed: Assuring users that code adheres to the highest security standards.  


With these achievements cementing its staying power, it’s no wonder analysts tout Retik Finance as the next viral hit primed to usurp Dogecoin and Shiba Inu.
Presale Progress
Demand is high, as seen by the over $28 million raised so far. Of course, hype alone may not sustain long-term growth. But Retik Finance aims higher by offering real-world use cases that enhance crypto’s everyday utility for merchants and consumers alike.
Concluding Thoughts   
Having passed a Certik audit and achieved listings on CoinMarketCap and CoinGecko, Retik Finance already boasts credentials, setting it apart from other newcomers. With presale demand surging, this promising upstart has significant room left to run, per the analyst. 
Click Here To Take Part In Retik Finance Presale
Visit the links below for more information about Retik Finance (RETIK):
Website: https://retik.com
Whitepaper: https://retik.com/retik-whitepaper.pdf
Linktree: https://linktr.ee/retikfinance
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Dogecoin Retik Finance Shiba Inu 
10 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/crypto-analyst-behind-dogecoin-doge-and-shiba-inu-shib-predictions-in-2021-picks-out-new-token-with-similar-potential-in-the-upcoming-bullrun/
"1 Superior Cryptocurrency to Buy Before It Soars 2,860%, According to Cathie Wood's Ark Invest"	The Motley Fool	22 hours ago	"Ark Invest says Bitcoin could skyrocket as spot ETFs and the next ""halving"" event boost demand for the cryptocurrency."		https://www.fool.com/investing/2024/02/17/1-cryptocurrency-buy-before-soars-2860-cathie-wood/
"1 Superior Cryptocurrency to Buy Before It Soars 2,860%, According to Cathie Wood's Ark Invest"	The Motley Fool	22 hours ago	"Ark Invest says Bitcoin could skyrocket as spot ETFs and the next ""halving"" event boost demand for the cryptocurrency."		https://www.fool.com/investing/2024/02/17/1-cryptocurrency-buy-before-soars-2860-cathie-wood/
10 Best Crypto Exchanges and Apps of February 2024	NerdWallet	2 weeks ago	Choosing a cryptocurrency exchange is often the first step investors take when exploring the word of digital assets.		https://www.nerdwallet.com/best/investing/crypto-exchanges-platforms
Bitcoin Miner Stock Gains Surpass Bitcoin. The Halving May Change That.	Investopedia	1 day ago	"Bitcoin miner stocks are outpacing the price of Bitcoin, which hit its highest level since 2021 as the cryptocurrency goes mainstream with..."	"Trending Videos











Key Takeaways

Bitcoin miner stock gains are outpacing the price of Bitcoin.The halving happening in April will cut rewards for miners, and could drive the price of Bitcoin higher because of the lower supply of new coins.The most efficient miners will be the ones best equipped to handle the halving, industry players say.



Bitcoin miner stocks are outpacing the price of Bitcoin, which hit its highest level since 2021 as the cryptocurrency goes mainstream with the recent approval of a Bitcoin Exchange-Traded Fund (ETF).



Those gains, however, may not stick for some miners with the four-year halving—when the reward miners get for mining gets cut in half to ensure Bitcoin's scarcity—happening in April. The halving results in the number of new coins created getting cut by 50%, and the rewards for miners being cut in half.



The fall in revenue could to some extent be compensated by rising Bitcoin prices resulting from the lower supply of new coins. But companies with less efficient machines and operations may have a harder time.



Miners with higher electricity costs or lower-efficiency machines ""will have a difficult time mining profitably post-halving,"" Luxor Technology Chief Operating Officer Ethan Vera said. Luxor provides services and products for the mining industry. ""Many companies are stuck in power contracts, or benefit from top line gross revenue and as such might continue to mine despite not being profitable. Companies' balance sheets will determine how long they can survive doing that.""



The halving comes amid renewed interest in Bitcoin after the Securities and Exchange Commission approved 11 Bitcoin ETF applications in January, paving the way for investors to access the alternative asset more easily. 












TradingView


   Winners and Losers  

Cantor Fitzgerald analyzed 13 Bitcoin miners in January and found that at the then price of Bitcoin at $40,000, only two miners, CleanSpark (CLSK) and Bitdeer (BTDR), would be able to profit from mining. But at above $50,000 now, more miners would be profitable. The ones facing the highest costs were Hut 8 (HUT) and Argo Blockchain (ARBK). It costs them $60,360 and $62,276, respectively, to mine each coin.



Hut 8 and Argo Blockchain did not respond to requests for comment.



Riot Platforms (RIOT) said it has positioned itself as one of the ""lowest cost miners"" ahead of the halving. It has the third-lowest cost at nearly $44,000 per coin, according to Cantor Fitzgerald.



""Riot also intends to leverage our ability to obtain Bitcoin at a significant discount to its current market price by retaining a greater proportion of our monthly Bitcoin production in the near term,"" the company said in a January statement. ""This is made possible by our strong liquidity profile, and will further cement our position as one of the largest holders of Bitcoin.”












Cantor Fitzgerald



Marathon Digital (MARA) is preparing for the halving with plenty of cash on hand.



""We need to be resilient,"" Chief Executive Officer Fred Thiel said in a video last month. ""If the price of Bitcoin let's just say it drops to $30,000 at the time of the halving, not many miners are going to be able to operate profitably and how many miners have enough cash on the balance sheet to be able to survive six to 12 months, maybe 24 months before it becomes profitable to mine again when Bitcoin has moved back up?""



Marathon's cost per coin is $50,559, making it profitable by a hair at today's price. 



Bitcoin miner CleanSpark, which according to Cantor Fitzgerald is profitable with a cost of nearly $37,000 per coin, expects some 30% of machines currently hashing to be forced to unplug, according to Executive Chair Matthew Schultz. That's an opportunity for growth.



""We’re aggressively seeking opportunities for M&A"" to buy facilities and infrastructure, Schultz said.




Do you have a news tip for Investopedia reporters? Please email us at
tips@investopedia.com"	https://www.investopedia.com/bitcoin-miners-surpass-bitcoin-the-halving-may-change-that-8584288
Advantages & Disadvantages of Cryptocurrency in 2024 – Forbes Advisor INDIA	Forbes	1 month ago	Cryptocurrencies can help transfer funds globally. The transactional cost with the help of cryptocurrency can be minimal or zero. It is...		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/in/investing/cryptocurrency/advantages-of-cryptocurrency/
Investing In Cryptocurrency – Forbes Advisor UK	Forbes	18-Sep-23	The blockchain is essentially a public ledger of every Bitcoin transaction that takes place. A record gets distributed across numerous computers...		https://www.forbes.com/uk/advisor/investing/cryptocurrency/
"Meme Moguls (MGLS) Emerges as GameChanger, Garnering Interest from Dogecoin (DOGE) and Shiba Inu (SHIB ..."	Analytics Insight	8 hours ago	"Meme Moguls (MGLS) has quickly risen to prominence within the cryptocurrency world, captivating Dogecoin and Shiba Inu fans alike."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Meme Moguls (MGLS) Emerges as GameChanger, Garnering Interest from Dogecoin (DOGE) and Shiba Inu (SHIB) Enthusiasts





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













Meme Moguls (MGLS) has quickly risen to prominence within the cryptocurrency world, captivating Dogecoin (DOGE) and Shiba Inu (SHIB) fans alike. Its innovative approach to combining meme culture with blockchain technology offers a new avenue for engagement and investment. 
Dogecoin’s (DOGE) Sustained Appeal Among Crypto Enthusiasts
Dogecoin (DOGE), initially created as a joke, has evolved into a cryptocurrency with a loyal following and significant market impact. The value of Dogecoin, recently observed at $0.08085, reflects a staggering 14368.77% increase over its lifetime, underscoring the immense growth and speculative interest it has garnered. 
This surge in popularity can be attributed to Dogecoin’s vibrant community and the endorsement from high-profile individuals like Elon Musk, who frequently mentions DOGE on social media, fueling price fluctuations and public interest. Furthermore, Dogecoin’s utility has expanded beyond just tipping and microtransactions; it is now accepted by various businesses for goods and services, enhancing its legitimacy and utility within the digital economy.
Shiba Inu’s (SHIB) Remarkable Journey in the Crypto Space
Shiba Inu (SHIB), often hailed as the “Dogecoin killer,” has carved its own niche in the meme coin universe, boasting a jaw-dropping increase of 697249.84% since its inception. This meteoric rise showcases the immense speculative interest and community support behind SHIB, propelling it far beyond its origins as a mere meme. 
SHIB’s strategic development, including the ShibaSwap decentralized exchange and its entry into NFTs and decentralized finance (DeFi), demonstrates its ambition to offer more than just a meme. Clearly, SHIB is aiming to create a versatile and expansive ecosystem. SHIB’s success has not only enriched early adopters but also inspired a new wave of meme coin projects, reflecting its significant influence on the broader cryptocurrency landscape.
Embracing the Meme Moguls Experience
Meme Moguls (MGLS) is poised to redefine the crypto landscape by merging the infectious allure of meme culture with the robust mechanics of blockchain technology. With its innovative approach, Meme Moguls doesn’t just ride the meme coin trend; it infuses it with genuine utility and a play-to-earn (P2E) framework, setting a new benchmark for what meme coins can achieve. 
As participants dive into the Meme Moguls ecosystem, they’re not just trading or investing; they’re embarking on a journey to master the art of meme trading, all while earning $MGLS tokens that signify their growing influence and success within this vibrant community. The essence of Meme Moguls lies in its ability to turn everyday individuals into moguls of the digital age. This transition is facilitated through a variety of engaging and innovative features. At the heart of Meme Moguls is a game that simulates investing, allowing users to compete, learn, and ultimately prosper. 

MOGULS!! 🔥
Are you ready to change the landscape? 🧑‍🌾 With one of the biggest airdrops of 2024 👀 Get ready!! $MGLS Farming. Coming soon… pic.twitter.com/9UPUeV5klt
— Meme Moguls (@meme_moguls) December 8, 2023

By starting with a virtual cash portfolio, users can navigate through the markets, undertake challenges, and translate simulated profits into tangible rewards. The project’s strategy for unpurchased tokens, dedicating them to in-game earnings and rewards, alongside a planned token burning event, demonstrates a well-thought-out approach to value and scarcity. 
Coupled with a robust marketing campaign throughout February, Meme Moguls is setting the stage for a launch that’s not just about making a splash but about creating lasting ripples across the crypto and meme coin sectors.
Visit Meme Moguls
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Dogecoin Meme Moguls Shiba Inu 
10 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/meme-moguls-mgls-emerges-as-gamechanger-garnering-interest-from-dogecoin-doge-and-shiba-inu-shib-enthusiasts/
"Make Money With Crypto: Buy Pushd, Dogwifhat, and the Unstoppable Scorpion Casino"	Analytics Insight	4 hours ago	"Pushd offers DeFi solutions, while Dogwifhat boasts a strong community approach, and the Scorpion Casino introduces a unique tokenomics..."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Make Money With Crypto: Buy Pushd, Dogwifhat, and the Unstoppable Scorpion Casino





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













Curious about which among Pushd, Dogwifhat, and the Scorpion Casino holds the key to financial success? Pushd offers DeFi solutions, while Dogwifhat boasts a strong community-driven approach, and the Scorpion Casino introduces a unique tokenomics model. Understanding their distinct features is crucial for maximising investment potential in the volatile crypto market.
With the announcement of Scorpion Casino’s listing on XT.COM Exchange, a global platform with over 7.5 million users, significantly boosts its presale campaign. Established in 2018 and operating globally, XT.COM’s partnership enhances Scorpion Casino’s visibility and appeal to international investors, marking a key step in its expansion strategy.
But these are just the tip of the iceberg in the realm of cryptocurrency investments. Join us as we explore the dynamic landscape of these entities, guided by insights from leading experts in the field. With their guidance, we’ll navigate the complexities of crypto investments and uncover hidden gems that could redefine your financial journey.
Pushd: Decentralized E-Commerce Redefined
Pushd, a novel platform launched with a mission to revolutionize decentralized e-commerce, has garnered significant attention. Its approach centers around rewarding users for achieving milestones and holding onto their trades. The essence lies in fostering a community-driven ecosystem that challenges centralized giants like Amazon and eBay. Pushd’s journey is defined by its unwavering commitment to user-centricity. By leveraging blockchain technology, it ensures transparency and security, laying the foundation for a trustless ecosystem. Since its inception, Pushd has relentlessly pursued its goals, setting new standards for decentralized platforms.
Dogwifhat: The Meme Coin Phenomenon
Enter Dogwifhat, a captivating meme coin that stormed onto the scene with its adorable mascot and vibrant community. Born on the Solana blockchain, Dogwifhat swiftly captured the imagination of crypto enthusiasts worldwide. Dogwifhat’s allure lies in its cultural significance and meme-driven narrative. Beyond its monetary value, it embodies the spirit of community and whimsicality, transcending traditional perceptions of cryptocurrency. Its journey symbolises the power of collective imagination and grassroots movements in shaping the crypto landscape.
Scorpion Casino: Pioneering the Path to Passive Income
Behold the titan of passive income in the crypto realm – Scorpion Casino, the presale that managed to raise $4.5 million so far, and is still on a roll. With a vision rooted in blockchain transparency and efficiency, Scorpion Casino Token offers a gateway to potentially sustainable wealth accumulation. Beyond the volatile fluctuations of the crypto market, Scorpion Casino strives for stability and prosperity through its revenue-sharing model.

Scorpion Casino’s success is underpinned by its unwavering commitment to user-centric design. By combining the allure of online gaming with the security of blockchain technology, it redefines the concept of passive income. With a robust tokenomics system and strategic partnerships, Scorpion Casino emerges as a powerhouse of financial empowerment.
Amidst the ups and downs of crypto, Scorpion Casino stands stable and growth. From its inception to the present day, it has surpassed milestones with resolve, cementing its position as a good example in the industry. As the presale draws to a close, Scorpion Casino beckons investors to seize the opportunity and embark on a journey towards financial freedom.
Embrace the Future with Scorpion Casino
In the realm where uncertainty reigns supreme, one option shines bright with the promise of prosperity – Scorpion Casino. With its approach to passive income and steadfast commitment to user welfare, Scorpion Casino stands as a beacon of hope in a volatile landscape. As investors seek the next big opportunity, Scorpion Casino offers not just gains, but a glimpse into the future of financial empowerment. 
To learn more and invest in the Scorpion Casino presale, visit: 
Presale: https://presale.scorpion.casino/ 
Twitter:  https://twitter.com/ScorpionCasino
Telegram: https://t.me/scorpioncasino_official
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Dogwifhat Pushd Scorpion Casino 
11 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/make-money-with-crypto-buy-pushd-dogwifhat-and-the-unstoppable-scorpion-casino/
Why Is The Crypto Market Down In February 2024?	Forbes	11-Dec-23	Crypto investors are on a selling spree. Here's a guide on why the cryptocurrency market is moving on a descending trajectory and what's...		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/in/investing/cryptocurrency/why-crypto-market-is-down/
"Crypto News: Latest Cryptocurrency News, Bitcoin News and Cryptocurrency Price Data"	NDTV Profit	3 days ago	"Cryptocurrency News: We deliver up-to-date, breaking crypto news about the latest Bitcoin, Ethereum, Blockchain, NFTs, and crypto trends and..."		https://www.ndtvprofit.com/crypto
RustDoor macOS Backdoor Targets Cryptocurrency Firms with Fake Job Offers	The Hacker News	2 days ago	Multiple companies operating in the cryptocurrency sector are the target of an ongoing malware campaign that involves a newly discovered...		https://thehackernews.com/2024/02/rustdoor-macos-backdoor-targets.html
Investor Who Made Millions With Dogecoin (DOGE) Joins Option2Trade (O2T) & Retik Finance (RETIK)	Analytics Insight	2 hours ago	"Retik Finance making waves with its contributions to DeFi sector, focusing on creating accessible, efficient and secure financial solutions."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Investor Who Made Millions With Dogecoin (DOGE) Joins Option2Trade (O2T) & Retik Finance (RETIK)





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













In a fascinating turn of events, a renowned investor who famously made millions from Dogecoin (DOGE) investments has now set their sights on two promising platforms in the DeFi space: Option2Trade (O2T) and Retik Finance (RETIK). This strategic pivot not only highlights the investor’s knack for identifying high-potential opportunities in the cryptocurrency market but also underscores the growing trend of diversifying investment portfolios with innovative and technologically advanced platforms. Let’s delve into how this investor is poised to replicate their Dogecoin (DOGE) success with Option2Trade (O2T) and Retik Finance (RETIK).

From Dogecoin to DeFi Innovators
The journey from profiting immensely with Dogecoin (DOGE)—a cryptocurrency that started as a joke but became a significant player in the market—to investing in Option2Trade (O2T) and Retik Finance (RETIK) illustrates a keen understanding of the crypto ecosystem’s evolving nature. This investor’s move signals a belief in the transformative potential of DeFi and the innovative technologies driving its growth.
– Just as Dogecoin (DOGE) provided an unexpected but lucrative investment avenue, Option2Trade (O2T) and Retik Finance (RETIK) represent the new frontier in DeFi, offering unique solutions that could redefine the financial landscape.
Option2Trade (O2T): A.I.-Powered Trading Excellence
Option2Trade (O2T) stands out for its advanced A.I.-powered trading platform, designed to revolutionize the DeFi space by offering unparalleled efficiency, accuracy, and profitability in trading strategies. For an investor with a history of success in cryptocurrencies, Option2Trade’s (O2T) promise of leveraging artificial intelligence to maximize trading outcomes presents an irresistible opportunity.
– Option2Trade’s (O2T) utilization of A.I. to analyze market trends and execute strategic trades offers a competitive edge, mirroring the investor’s approach to capitalizing on market movements for maximum returns.
– Emphasizing a democratic ecosystem, Option2Trade (O2T) empowers its users with governance rights, ensuring the platform evolves in alignment with its community’s interests—a principle likely to resonate with investors valuing transparency and control.

Retik Finance (RETIK): Pioneering DeFi Innovations
Retik Finance (RETIK) is making waves with its contributions to the DeFi sector, focusing on creating accessible, efficient, and secure financial solutions. The investor’s interest in Retik Finance (RETIK) stems from its potential to disrupt traditional finance through decentralized innovations, offering a path to replicate the explosive growth experienced with Dogecoin (DOGE).
– Retik Finance’s (RETIK) commitment to advancing DeFi technologies offers a fertile ground for investments to flourish, appealing to investors looking to be part of the next wave of financial innovation.
– The platform’s focus on building a robust and engaging ecosystem through staking, governance, and user-friendly interfaces ensures a welcoming environment for both seasoned traders and newcomers, aligning with the investor’s vision for broad market accessibility and community engagement.
Conclusion: Charting a New Course in Crypto Investments
The decision by the investor who thrived with Dogecoin (DOGE) to dive into Option2Trade (O2T) and Retik Finance (RETIK) is more than a mere expansion of their portfolio—it’s a strategic move towards platforms at the cutting edge of technology and innovation in the DeFi space. By leveraging the advanced capabilities of Option2Trade (O2T) and the pioneering solutions of Retik Finance (RETIK), this investor is not just chasing the next big win but is also contributing to the shaping of a future where DeFi plays a central role in the global financial system. As the crypto landscape continues to evolve, the journey of this investor serves as a compelling narrative of adaptation, growth, and the relentless pursuit of opportunities that promise to redefine the boundaries of investment success.
For more information on the Option2Trade (O2T) Presale: 
Use promo code O2TLaunch to get 15% bonus
Visit Option2Trade
Join and become a community member: 
https://t.me/O2TOfficial 
https://twitter.com/Option2Trade
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Dogecoin Option2Trade Retik Finance 
1 View 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/investor-who-made-millions-with-dogecoin-doge-joins-option2trade-o2t-retik-finance-retik/
"3 Best Cryptos To Buy This Week For High ROIs - Scorpion Casino, Dogwifhat & Solana"	Analytics Insight	8 hours ago	Navigating the cryptocurrency market in search of the best cryptos to buy this week for high ROIs is an challenge for both seasoned...	"CryptocurrencyLatest News 3 Best Cryptos To Buy This Week For High ROIs – Scorpion Casino, Dogwifhat & Solana





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













Navigating the cryptocurrency market in search of the best cryptos to buy this week for high ROIs is an challenge for both seasoned investors and newcomers alike. With the aim of identifying opportunities that could potentially turn investors into millionaires, we delve into a curated selection of digital currencies.
In the spotlight this week is, The most anticipated crypto presale of all time, Scorpion Casino, the intriguing world of meme coins like Dogwifhat, and the promising blockchain platform Solana. Each offers a unique pathway to achieving high returns on investment, but one, in particular, stands out for its compelling potential.
Scorpion Casino: A High-Stakes Investment with Enticing Rewards
Scorpion Casino distinguishes itself as a pioneering investment opportunity within the cryptocurrency domain. Unlike traditional cryptos, Scorpion Casino is an integrated online gaming and betting platform that leverages blockchain technology to offer unparalleled transparency, security, and fairness. The platform’s native token, SCORP, serves as the cornerstone of its financial structure, providing investors not only with a stake in the platform’s revenue (You can earn up to $10,000 every day) but also with the potential for substantial passive income. 
In a market where high ROIs are the gold standard, Scorpion Casino represents a unique fusion of entertainment and investment potential, making it an attractive option for those looking to diversify their portfolio with the best crypto to buy for promising returns.
The Allure and Volatility of Meme Coins: A Double-Edged Sword
Meme coins, epitomized by Dogwifhat, have captured the imagination of the crypto community, offering staggering returns that have made overnight millionaires. These digital currencies, often inspired by internet memes or pop culture phenomena, can experience explosive growth, fueled by social media and community support. However, the very nature of meme coins also introduces a high level of volatility and unpredictability. While they present an opportunity for high ROIs, the risks associated with meme coins cannot be understated. Investors must navigate these waters carefully, balancing the lure of significant gains against the potential for abrupt downturns.
Solana: Challenging Ethereum’s Dominance
Solana has emerged as a formidable contender in the blockchain space, challenging Ethereum’s dominance with its proof-of-history (PoH) consensus mechanism and remarkable scalability. By offering faster transaction speeds and lower fees, Solana has positioned itself as an attractive platform for developers and investors alike. Its potential to match, or even surpass, the heights achieved by Ethereum has made Solana one of the best cryptos to buy for investors seeking high ROIs. However, while Solana’s technological advancements and growing ecosystem present a compelling case, it remains an investment that requires consideration of market dynamics and long-term viability.

Identifying The Premier Investment Opportunity For High ROIs
In the quest for high ROIs in the cryptocurrency market, investors are presented with a range of options, each with its unique merits and considerations. From the gaming platform of Scorpion Casino, offering a direct stake in its revenue and passive income potential, to the high-risk, high-reward nature of meme coins like Dogwifhat, and the technological promise of Solana as a challenger to Ethereum, the choices are varied.
While each investment avenue has the potential to offer significant returns, Scorpion Casino stands out as a particularly intriguing option. It combines the thrill of online gaming with the financial benefits of cryptocurrency investment, providing a unique opportunity for those looking to diversify their portfolio with a crypto that offers more than just speculative value. As we explore the best cryptos to buy this week, Scorpion Casino emerges as a compelling choice for investors aiming for high ROIs, blending entertainment with the prospect of becoming a millionaire in the dynamic world of cryptocurrency.
Find Out More Here:
Presale: https://presale.scorpion.casino/  
Twitter: https://twitter.com/ScorpionCasino 
Telegram: https://t.me/scorpioncasino_official
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
High ROIs Meme coins Scorpion Casino 
14 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/3-best-cryptos-to-buy-this-week-for-high-rois-scorpion-casino-dogwifhat-solana/
Scorpion Casino Could Move Ahead Of Pepe Coin And Floki Inu As The Top Choice For Crypto Investors	Analytics Insight	5 hours ago	"Scorpion Casino stands out for its robustness and potential for stability, setting it apart from competitors such as Pepe Coin and Floki..."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Scorpion Casino Could Move Ahead Of Pepe Coin And Floki Inu As The Top Choice For Crypto Investors





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













In the volatile landscape of cryptocurrencies, resilience often determines which projects thrive. Among the many digital assets, Scorpion Casino ($SCORP) stands out for its robustness and potential for stability, setting it apart from competitors such as Pepe Coin and Floki Inu. This analysis explores how Scorpion Casino’s strengths position it to navigate market fluctuations successfully and sustain long-term growth.
Scorpion Casino Crypto Presale Is On Fire
Scorpion Casino has generated some impressive numbers over the span of its presale. It has raised over $4.8m in funds, illustrating its growing reach. This has been done by successfully selling over 300 million of its 480 million tokens on sale. And with it now being listed on XT, an exchange home to over 7.5 million users, its numbers could further flourish. But why is Scorpion Casino proving to be so popular?
First and foremost, Scorpion Casino leverages blockchain technology to ensure transparency, efficiency, and security. Unlike Pepe Coin and Floki Inu, which may lack the robust infrastructure necessary for sustained growth, Scorpion Casino’s utilization of blockchain technology provides a solid foundation for its operations. This technological advantage not only enhances user trust but also safeguards against potential security breaches and fraud, making SCORP a more resilient investment option.
Moreover, Scorpion Casino’s prescient vision for market growth sets it apart from its competitors. With a keen eye on the expanding online gaming industry which is projected to reach $145.6 billion by 2030, Scorpion Casino Token lowers entry barriers and taps into a lucrative market segment. In contrast, Pepe Coin and Floki Inu may lack a clear long-term strategy or fail to capitalize on emerging market trends, leaving them vulnerable to market fluctuations and investor sentiment.

Comparing Long-term Resilience: FLOKI And PEPE VS SCORP
Furthermore, Scorpion Casino’s robust tokenomics system, including buy-backs, burns, and revenue-sharing mechanisms, adds an additional layer of resilience to its platform. While Pepe Coin and Floki Inu may rely solely on speculative trading or hype-driven market movements, SCORP’s sustainable tokenomics model provides a stable source of passive income for investors, independent of market volatility. This resilience ensures that SCORP holders can weather bearish trends and benefit from long-term value appreciation.
Step Aside Pepe Coin & Floki Inu – Its The Year of The Scorpion 
Scorpion Casino stands out as a more resilient cryptocurrency compared to Pepe Coin and Floki Inu. With its solid technological infrastructure, strategic vision for market growth, sustainable tokenomics model, track record of success, and diverse range of offerings, SCORP is well-positioned to weather market volatility and emerge as a dominant player in the cryptocurrency landscape. Investors seeking resilience and long-term value appreciation would be wise to consider Scorpion Casino as their preferred investment choice.
More information on SCORP:
Presale: https://presale.scorpion.casino/ 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/ScorpionCasino
Telegram: https://t.me/scorpioncasino_official
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Floki Inu Pepe coin Scorpion Casino 
5 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/scorpion-casino-could-move-ahead-of-pepe-coin-and-floki-inu-as-the-top-choice-for-crypto-investors/
Cryptocurrency wallet scams: don’t be the weak link	Valley Roadrunner	16 hours ago	"As news of the collapse of crypto giant FTX unfolds, it is clear we are getting used to living in a world with cryptocurrency."		https://www.valleycenter.com/articles/cryptocurrency-wallet-scams-dont-be-the-weak-link/
"Best Crypto To Invest In For 100x Returns 2024 - Dogwifhat, BONK and Doge Uprising"	Analytics Insight	8 hours ago	"Among the standouts, Doge Uprising, BONK, and Dogwifhat present unique opportunities for investors looking for the next big thing in crypto."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Best Crypto To Invest In For 100x Returns 2024 – Dogwifhat, BONK and Doge Uprising





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













LIMITED TIME ONLY – Use bonus code NEWSTAGE to get 15% extra $DUP tokens
Meme coins have carved out a niche that combines culture, humor, and investment in a way that few other assets can. Among the standouts, Doge Uprising, BONK, and Dogwifhat present unique opportunities for investors looking for the next big thing in crypto. With the potential of 100x returns, these coins spark not just interest but a fervent quest for the kind of financial uprising that can transform modest investments into significant wealth. 
Doge Uprising: A Meme Coin Beyond Memes
Set against a dystopian future where mecha pilots combat the autocratic rule of a tech mogul, Doge Uprising transcends the typical meme coin narrative. With its immersive universe, Doge Uprising allows participants to engage in a narrative-rich ecosystem, trading unique Doge Mecha NFTs that grant exclusive access to its burgeoning rebellion.
The project’s architecture, built on the ERC-20 standard, ensures broad compatibility and fosters a tight-knit community. A capped supply of 450 million $DUP tokens ensures scarcity, while distribution spans exchanges, presales, and community rewards, cementing its commitment to equitable growth and engagement. Regular community events, AMAs, and airdrops are not just strategies but a testament to a movement poised to challenge the status quo.
BONK: The Fun-Loving Challenger
BONK, another contender in the meme coin arena, brings a lighter, more playful approach to the cryptocurrency market. Emphasizing fun and community engagement over complex narratives, BONK appeals to investors looking for a straightforward, enjoyable crypto experience. Its strategy leverages viral marketing and social media, creating a buzz that translates into rapid, albeit volatile, growth potential. While lacking the narrative depth of Doge Uprising, BONK’s simplicity and accessibility make it an attractive option for those new to the crypto space or looking for less serious investments.
Dogwifhat: The Mysterious Newcomer
Dogwifhat enters the scene shrouded in mystery, its name a nod to the whimsical nature of meme coins. Details about its operational mechanics, goals, and roadmap are sparse, creating an aura of intrigue that could either be a masterstroke in marketing or a cautionary tale for investors. What sets Dogwifhat apart is its potential as a dark horse, a meme coin that could either skyrocket on the wings of its enigmatic presence or serve as a reminder of the risks inherent in the crypto market.

Betting on the Uprising
In the comparative analysis of Doge Uprising, BONK, and Dogwifhat, Doge Uprising stands out not only for its ambitious narrative and community-driven approach but also for its potential to redefine the meme coin market. Its blend of storytelling, technology, and strategic tokenomics positions it as a frontrunner for those seeking substantial returns. The allure of BONK and the mystery of Dogwifhat offer different paths for different investors, yet the comprehensive vision and engagement strategies of Doge Uprising suggest a more sustainable and immersive investment journey.
For those intrigued by the promise of Doge Uprising and its revolutionary potential, the presale presents a golden opportunity. Investing early in the $DUP token not only supports the fight against digital autocracy but positions you at the forefront of what could be the next big leap in cryptocurrency investment. Visit Doge Uprising’s website to become part of this groundbreaking movement, and for a limited time only you can receive an extra 15% in tokens if you use the bonus code NEWSTAGE.
For more information on Doge Uprising ($DUP):
Visit The Website
Join The Telegram
Follow On Twitter
Join The Discord Community
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Bonk Doge Uprising Dogwifhat 
7 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/best-crypto-to-invest-in-for-100x-returns-2024-dogwifhat-bonk-and-doge-uprising/
What Is Cryptocurrency	Simplilearn.com	29-Aug-23	Cryptocurrencies are digital or virtual tokens that use cryptography to secure their transactions and control the creation of new units. And...		https://www.simplilearn.com/tutorials/blockchain-tutorial/what-is-cryptocurrency
"Honduras Bans Cryptocurrency Trading Amid Fraud, Money Laundering Concerns | Crowdfund Insider"	Crowdfund Insider	17 hours ago	"Honduras has issued a comprehensive ban on cryptocurrency trading within its financial system, according to a resolution from the National..."		https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2024/02/221608-honduras-bans-cryptocurrency-trading-amid-fraud-money-laundering-concerns/
12 Most Popular Types Of Cryptocurrency	Bankrate	1 month ago	Largest cryptocurrencies by market cap · 1. Bitcoin (BTC) · 2. Ethereum (ETH) · 3. Tether (USDT) · 4. BNB (BNB) · 5. Solana (SOL) · 6. XRP (XRP).		https://www.bankrate.com/investing/types-of-cryptocurrency/
Ethereum Whales Show Strong Interest in New Blockchain Project	Analytics Insight	5 hours ago	"While numerous cryptocurrencies are riding the crypto wave, the second biggest fish Ethereum is in the pond has been in quite a spotlight."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Ethereum Whales Show Strong Interest in New Blockchain Project





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













While numerous cryptocurrencies are riding the crypto wave, the second biggest fish (read: Ethereum) in the pond has been in quite a spotlight. But as the anticipation is on the hike, will Ethereum really live up to its hype. And we are not the only ones pondering. Ethereum whales have been spotted showing increasing interest in the fledgling blockchain project, Bitgert i.e., BRISE. As the cryptoverse eagerly waits for the next big project to flare up, many eye are on Bitgert. 
Ethereum Whales Take Notice
Ethereum has been the most preferred platform for several DeFi projects. Ethereum as we speak is breaking above the critical $2700 level and is still anticipated to be on the rise. Etheruem’s surge has been steadily advancing with indication that Ethereum’s ETH can soon hit the coveted $3000 milestone. Ethereum’s impressive upward momentum has surely created a hype around, but the experts are questioning the longevity of this bullish sentiment. It is known that Ethereum’s long-standing scalability issues and surging gas fee is a major obstacle in making Ethereum the one. These unresolved concerns have led many investors exploring alternatives that hold promise and potential– enter Bitgert.
Whispers in the space indicate that the Ethereum whales have been seen to discreetly accumulate BRISE tokens off-late. Interest in Ethereum whales moving is a testament to the confidence vested in the project. Moves like this by the Ethereum whales cue a strategic move to the investors that if Bitgert manages to deliver on its promise, it could become a serious contender in the DeFi space. 
The Rise & Shine of Bitgert
Bitgert’s native BRISE has been making noise in the DeFi space lately with its fundamentally strong and innovative stride. With its focus on security, scalability, and customer-centric approach, Bitgert has been addressing some of the major pain points of the blockchain networks. 
Bitgert has outlined an ambitious roadmap with plans like smart contract capabilities, cross-chain interoperability, and a robust ecosystem of DApps. Bitgert’s truly caught whales’ attention for its blockchain networks’ capabilities and the network’s delivery of its roadmap so far.  
What Lies Ahead
As Bitgert gains traction, all eyes are on its development team. Will they be able to deliver on their ambitious goals? Can BRISE truly disrupt the DeFi landscape? Only time will tell.
For more information about Bitgert, visit their official website: bitgert.com.
Website: https://bitgert.com 
Telegram: t.me/bitgertbrise
Twitter: x.com/bitgertbrise
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Bitgert Blockchain Ethereum 
8 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/ethereum-whales-show-strong-interest-in-new-blockchain-project/
Scorpion Casino's Passive Income Proposal Lures Pepe Fork And Bonk's Crypto Whales	Analytics Insight	4 hours ago	"Pepe Fork and BONK are well-known names, attracting many with their unique features while Scorpion Casino is catching the eye of investors."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Scorpion Casino’s Passive Income Proposal Lures Pepe Fork And Bonk’s Crypto Whales





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













Pepe Fork and BONK are well-known names in the crypto world, attracting many with their unique features and strong market positions. But there’s a new player catching the eye of investors: Scorpion Casino. This fresh face in the crypto scene is gaining popularity for its innovative offerings and potential to shake things up. Let’s explore Pepe Fork and BONK, and see why big investors, often called crypto whales, are starting to pay attention to what Scorpion Casino has to offer.
Pepe Fork: The Rise and Fall of a Meme Coin
Pepe Fork quickly became a hit in the cryptocurrency world, inspired by the popular Pepe the Frog meme. This new coin, a variation of the original PEPE, made a spectacular entrance, reaching top meme coin status with a market value over $200 million just two days after its debut. But the excitement didn’t last long. Pepe Fork’s value dropped by half, from its peak price to a much lower point, leading to speculation about its future in the unpredictable crypto market.
BONK: Uncertainty
BONK, a newcomer to the cryptocurrency scene, has caught the eye with its price stability and strong technical signs. It’s recently overcome key resistance levels, and indicators such as the Relative Strength Index suggest it’s in a good position. Despite appearing stable, BONK still faces the risk of sudden price changes that could lead to losses. Its future looks promising, but it’s uncertain due to the market’s ups and downs and the complexities of cryptocurrency trading.
Scorpion Casino: Passive Income
Scorpion Casino offers a unique opportunity in the intersection of online gaming and cryptocurrency. Its token provides access to passive income through advanced blockchain technology. Unlike other crypto investments, Scorpion Casino’s revenue-sharing model is designed to withstand market volatility, offering a more stable option for investors. Supported by strong tokenomics and strategic partnerships, such as with Tenset, Scorpion Casino is set to be a reliable and profitable choice in 2024. As its presale nears completion, it promises significant rewards and stability to its investors.
The recent announcement of Scorpion Casino’s listing on XT.COM Exchange, home to over 7.5 million users globally, significantly enhances its presale phase. Established in 2018 and headquartered in Dubai, XT.COM’s global reach could substantially increase Scorpion Casino’s visibility and attract more investment.

In the complex world of cryptocurrencies, where prices can change wildly, Scorpion Casino stands out with its offer of steady, passive income. Amid the ups and downs of cryptos like Pepe Fork and BONK, Scorpion Casino remains strong, ready for success. It showcases the benefits of blockchain technology, offering transparency, efficiency, and good returns. Investors are quickly joining its presale, attracted by the chance for good earnings and a stable investment. Scorpion Casino is leading the way into a bright future for cryptocurrency investments.
To learn more and invest in the Scorpion Casino presale, visit: 
Presale: https://presale.scorpion.casino/ 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/ScorpionCasino
Telegram: https://t.me/scorpioncasino_official
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Bonk Pepe Fork Scorpion Casino 
4 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/scorpion-casinos-passive-income-proposal-lures-pepe-fork-and-bonks-crypto-whales/
Bonk Coin Hype Fades as Attention Shifts to New Project	Analytics Insight	3 hours ago	"As Bonk catches its breath, other meme coins like Shiba Inu (SHIB) also witness diminishing gains in the cryptocurrency market."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Bonk Coin Hype Fades as Attention Shifts to New Project





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













The once boisterous Bonk Coin seems to have lost its luster as investors’ attention seems to be shifting to other contenders in the space. As the investors in the crypto space eye for a better opportunity, one coin in particular has been making some real noise, BEFE. BEFE’s massive surge in its first week of launch gave it a headstart before the veteran meme coins. And the promise of a renewed meme coin experience is drawing eyeballs away from the fading Bonk Coin hype. 
Bonk Meme Coin: A Solana Offering
Bonk Coin riding the Solana blockchain made its name with its deflationary tokenomics as its USP. Regular token burns gradually crunched the BONK supply and created a scarcity dynamic in the market to sway demand for the coin and improve its overall value. However, the hype around the Bonk Coin seems to have waned. After a meteoric rise in the first few months, the Bonk coin now seems to be in a consolidation phase.
As Bonk catches its breath, other meme coins like Shiba Inu (SHIB) also witness diminishing gains. The crypto community, hungry for novelty, turns its gaze to emerging alternatives – and one project stands out: BEFE Coin.
BEFE COIN: The Rising Star
BEFE Coin, launched without a presale, champions zero taxes, positioning itself as a coin for the people. Its powerful memes aim to guide users toward greatness. Currently trading at $0.0003983 with a market cap of $39,834,199, BEFE’s recent 18.86% weekly increase signals growing interest.
BONK vs. BEFE: Price Dynamics
BONK’s current price sits at $0.0000128, a 5.36% reduction over the past week. Meanwhile, BEFE’s $0.00049 price reflects an impressive 18.86% weekly gain. As BONK grapples with resistance, BEFE’s allure grows.
Short-Term and Long-Term Outlook
Forecasts suggest BONK may fluctuate between $0.000013 and $0.000014 in February-March. Looking further ahead, BONK could potentially reach values ranging from $0.000017 to $0.000020 by 2024.
In this evolving meme coin battle, BEFE Coin and BONK Coin vie for attention. Which meme coin will emerge victorious? Only time will reveal the ultimate champion. Curious about BEFE Coin and want to know more about it? Visit – 
Website: https://befetoken.com 
Telegram: t.me/befetoken
Twitte: x.com/befetoken
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
BEFE BONK COIN Shiba Inu 
8 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/bonk-coin-hype-fades-as-attention-shifts-to-new-project/
Is Bitcoin Mining Profitable In 2024? – Forbes Advisor INDIA	Forbes	3 days ago	Rising energy prices and falling cryptocurrency prices has made it difficult to turn a profit mining Bitcoin (BTC). Learn if bitcoin mining...		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/in/investing/cryptocurrency/is-bitcoin-mining-profitable/
10 Common Cryptocurrency Scams in 2023	TechTarget	1 month ago	"Rug pull scams involve investment scammers ""pumping up"" a new project, non-fungible token (NFT) or coin to get funding. After the scammers get..."		https://www.techtarget.com/whatis/feature/Common-cryptocurrency-scams
Looking Ahead: The Future of Cryptocurrency Investments in 2024	Clayton County Register -	1 day ago	"As the cryptocurrency market continues to thrive and evolve, investors are constantly on the lookout for lucrative opportunities."		https://www.claytoncountyregister.com/news2/looking-ahead-the-future-of-cryptocurrency-investments-in-2024/1138095/
Pepe Coin Whales Offload Holdings for New MEME Cryptocurrency	Coinpedia	4 hours ago	"The world of cryptocurrency is always changing, with prices going up and down for various reasons. Lately, two tokens, Pepe Coin (PEPE) and..."		https://coinpedia.org/press-release/pepe-coin-whales-offload-holdings-for-new-meme-cryptocurrency/
Here's what happened in crypto today	Cointelegraph	2 days ago	"A lot happened in crypto today! Cointelegraph explores the latest events impacting the Bitcoin price, altcoins, DeFi, Web3, NFTs and more."		https://cointelegraph.com/news/what-happened-in-crypto-today
The Pros and Cons of Accepting Cryptocurrency as Payment	U.S. Chamber of Commerce	14-Dec-23	Cryptocurrency is considered more secure than credit and debit card payments. This is because cryptocurrencies do not need third-party...		https://www.uschamber.com/co/run/finance/accepting-cryptocurrency-as-payment
Crypto Bill India: What Is Crypto Bill & How It Works	Forbes	1 month ago	A cryptocurrency is a form of virtual asset based on a network that is scattered across a huge number of computers. It is a decentralized...		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/in/investing/cryptocurrency/crypto-bill/
"Trending Cryptos: Scorpion Casino, Pepe Fork And Floki Inu Excite Passive Income Experts"	Analytics Insight	3 hours ago	"Scorpion Casino (SCORP), Pepe Fork and Floki Inu, which have attracted growing investor bases offering unique value propositions."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Trending Cryptos: Scorpion Casino, Pepe Fork And Floki Inu Excite Passive Income Experts





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













Creating a trending project in the Decentralised Finance (DeFi) industry is no easy feat; innovation is around every corner, and with a free, unregulated market comes endless opportunities for profits to rise and fall. So, what projects are trending and topping the potential passive income charts?
Three tokens have shown clear promise for their respective communities, Scorpion Casino (SCORP), Pepe Fork (PORK), and Floki Inu (FLOKI), which have attracted growing investor bases offering unique value propositions. But before you join the digital gold rush, let’s look at what these rising stars provide.
Making a Deal With Scorpion Casino 
The Scorpion Casino’s mission is to become the leading destination for crypto casino investors and online sports betting platforms, all powered by the $SCORP token. Unlike its meme-coin rivals, Scorpion Casino offers a balanced platform, with a fully functional casino and sportsbook where users can wager and potentially win and earn consistent passive income through several innovative avenues.
With daily passive income streams of up to 10,000 USDT, regardless of the market’s unpredictable winds. Early adopters participating in the ongoing presale are rewarded handsomely with hefty discounts on $SCORP tokens, allowing them to accumulate more for their investment. Even during the presale, daily USDT rewards flow freely, with some investors already basking in the sun of $5,000 in just 30 days.
Scorpion Casino understands and prioritises user safety by utilising SolidProof, a renowned security auditor, which inspects $SCORP’s smart contracts, ensuring peace of mind for the investors. The founding team has undergone strict KYC verification, allowing them to partner with software developers and ultimately increase its investor base.

With an upcoming listing on the BitMart exchange, they have achieved a thriving presale that’s raised over $4.8 million. Scorpion Casino is poised to reward its loyal SCORP, as the project develops. While the casino is still under construction, its roadmap promises exciting features like play-to-earn games, an NFT marketplace, and a DAO, solidifying its long-term potential as a beacon of stability in the ever-shifting sands.
Pepe a Fork In Me, I’m Done
Pepe Fork, a self-proclaimed “enhanced” version of the popular PEPE meme coin, promises additional features and rewards for its users. Created by anonymous X user Pauly0x, the project has garnered attention both for its meme-inspired identity and its controversial nature. 
Some speculate that Pepe Fork, with its massive supply of 420.69 trillion tokens, might not have its investor’s best interests at heart, capitalising on the hype surrounding PEPE. Regardless of the controversy, the coin launched on Uniswap, paired with WETH, and is currently available for trading on MEXC. 
Do The Floki Inu, That’s what it’s all About!
Floki Inu ($FLOKI) burst onto the scene in 2021, fueled by the ever-popular Shiba Inu dog breed and the tweets of Elon Musk. Initially capturing hearts (and wallets) with its meme-coin charm, Floki Inu has garnered a dedicated community and achieved impressive price surges. However, questions remain about its long-term sustainability and real-world utility.
Floki Inu exists primarily as a token operating on the Ethereum and Binance Smart Chain blockchains. This allows for easy bridging between the two networks, but the core value proposition lies beyond technical aspects. Floki Inu’s roadmap promises various developments, including an NFT marketplace, a play-to-earn game, and educational initiatives. 
Will You Invest In These Trending Cryptos?
While Pepe Fork and Floki Inu capitalise on the fleeting buzz of memes, Scorpion Casino offers a tangible product in its casino and sportsbook, a robust security infrastructure that rivals the sturdiness of ancient desert fortresses, and a clear path to generating consistent passive income through its casino operations and staking rewards. 
Interested in joining the growing Scorpion Casino community? Then check out the links below.
Presale: https://presale.scorpion.casino/ 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/ScorpionCasino
Telegram: https://t.me/scorpioncasino_official
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Cryptocurrency Pepe Fork Scorpion Casino 
13 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/trending-cryptos-scorpion-casino-pepe-fork-and-floki-inu-excite-passive-income-experts/
Bitcoin market cap crosses $1 trillion as buyers flood in	Reuters	3 days ago	The total value invested in bitcoin surpassed $1 trillion on Wednesday for the first time since November 2021 as inflows to U.S. spot...		https://www.reuters.com/technology/total-amount-invested-bitcoin-back-over-1-trillion-2024-02-14/
"Become A Multimillionaire With DeFi Powerhouse, Render (RNDR) Investors Show Interest"	Analytics Insight	2 hours ago	"In the dynamic realm of decentralized finance (DeFi), a new opportunity is capturing the attention of savvy investors from the Render (RNDR)..."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Become A Multimillionaire With DeFi Powerhouse, Render (RNDR) Investors Show Interest





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













In the dynamic realm of decentralized finance (DeFi), a new opportunity is capturing the attention of savvy investors from the Render (RNDR) community. Known for their pioneering role in democratizing GPU computing power for blockchain-based rendering, these investors are now turning their sights towards Option2Trade (O2T), a DeFi platform poised to redefine the landscape of digital asset trading. With its groundbreaking A.I. technology, Option2Trade (O2T) presents a compelling proposition for those looking to amplify their investment returns and potentially ascend to multimillionaire status.

At the heart of Option2Trade’s (O2T) appeal is its innovative integration of artificial intelligence into the trading process. This cutting-edge approach promises to revolutionize how investments are managed, offering precision, efficiency, and insights previously unattainable through conventional methods.
– Option2Trade (O2T) leverages A.I. to analyze market trends, predict movements, and execute trades with unprecedented accuracy, giving investors a significant edge in a highly volatile market.
– The platform’s A.I. algorithms are designed to continuously learn and adapt, ensuring that trading strategies evolve in real-time to capitalize on market opportunities.
Render (RNDR) Investors Diversify with O2T
Investors in the Render Network (RNDR), accustomed to the forefront of technological innovation, recognize the transformative potential of Option2Trade’s (O2T) A.I.-driven trading platform. Their interest in Option2Trade (O2T) is more than just speculative; it’s a strategic move to diversify their portfolios with a platform that aligns with their values of innovation and technological advancement.
– The parallel between Render’s (RNDR) mission to revolutionize rendering and Option2Trade’s (O2T) ambition to disrupt trading resonates deeply with Render (RNDR) investors, highlighting the synergy of combining cutting-edge technology with financial ingenuity.
– Expanding Investment Horizons: By engaging with Option2Trade (O2T), Render (RNDR) investors not only broaden their investment landscape but also position themselves at the vanguard of a financial revolution, harnessing the power of A.I. to achieve exponential growth.

The Path to Multimillionaire Status with O2T
For those looking to transform their financial future, Option2Trade (O2T) offers a clear path to potentially achieving multimillionaire status. The platform’s focus on A.I.-powered trading opens up new avenues for wealth creation, with Render (RNDR) investors leading the charge.
– Option2Trade (O2T) provides the tools and insights necessary for making informed, strategic investment decisions, enabling investors to optimize their portfolios for maximum returns.
– Joining Option2Trade (O2T) allows Render (RNDR) investors to be part of a community that values innovation, sharing insights, and strategies to collectively navigate the complexities of the DeFi space.
Conclusion: A New Era of DeFi Investment
As Render (RNDR) investors show increasing interest in Option2Trade (O2T), it’s clear that we are on the cusp of a new era in DeFi investment. One where the convergence of artificial intelligence and blockchain technology not only promises to redefine trading strategies but also offers the potential for unparalleled financial returns. For those bold enough to embrace this innovative platform, the journey towards becoming a multimillionaire is not just a possibility but a tangible reality. With Option2Trade (O2T), the future of DeFi trading is here, and it’s ripe with opportunities for those ready to seize them.
For more information on the Option2Trade (O2T) Presale: 
Use promo code O2TLaunch to get 15% bonus
Visit Option2Trade
Join and become a community member: 
https://t.me/O2TOfficial 
https://twitter.com/Option2Trade
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
DeFi Option2Trade (O2T) Render 
1 View 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/become-a-multimillionaire-with-defi-powerhouse-render-rndr-investors-show-interest/
"Move Over XRP, This Cryptocurrency is Set to Dominate in 2024"	Crypto Daily	22 hours ago	"Shift your focus from the prolonged wait for Ripple (XRP) breakthroughs. Experts suggest new altcoins in early presale stages,..."		https://cryptodaily.co.uk/2024/02/move-over-xrp-this-cryptocurrency-is-set-to-dominate-in-2024
"BNB, Sponge V2 & Scorpion Casino Hailed As Crypto Investor's Top ROI Contenders"	Analytics Insight	5 hours ago	"In this article, we will pit three contenders against each other Scorpion Casino, Binance Coin and Sponge to identify the potential..."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News BNB, Sponge V2 & Scorpion Casino Hailed As Crypto Investor’s Top ROI Contenders





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













In recent years, the crypto space has been teeming with promising projects, each vying for the attention of savvy investors seeking the next significant return on investment (ROI). However, navigating the diverse landscape can take time and effort.
In this article, we will pit three contenders against each other – Scorpion Casino (SCORP), the established titan Binance Coin (BNB), and the meme-fueled Sponge V2 (SPONGE) – to help you identify the potential champion for your investment journey.
Scorpion Casino Going For The Big Win
The Scorpion Casino presale is in its final stage and clearly shows its potential for future ROI after raising over $4.8m. This licensed and regulated casino platform, powered by the $SCORP token, promises an electrifying experience with over 30,000 monthly betting opportunities. Live dealer tables, virtual sports, and 210 online casino offerings are all underpinned by provably fair mechanisms for ultimate transparency.
$SCORP is the fuel that propels the entire ecosystem, staking for passive income, affiliate rewards, gameplay participation, and even platform governance – $SCORP unlocks a treasure trove of opportunities. The ongoing presale offers a nearly 45% discount on tokens, potentially catapulting your ROI when it hits the top-tier exchanges.

Binance Means Finance
Binance Coin (BNB) has been around since 2017, weathering market storms and establishing itself as a leading utility token. From powering transactions on the Binance exchange to offering discounts and travel benefits, BNB boasts a solid track record. 
However, compared to Scorpion Casino’s successful presale and diverse utility, BNB’s price movements might appear less explosive, especially for ROI-hungry investors. BNB recently navigated a bumpy price chart, initially holding steady within $305.1-$321.3. However, the market dived, causing BNB to shed over 10% of its value. It then settled into a tighter range of $288.6-$297.5 for a few days.
Sponge V2 Is Soaking Up The Pressure
Sponge V2, the relaunched meme coin, brings a playful spirit to the ring. Its 40% surge within 24 hours of launch on the Polygon network is impressive, offering a potential +3600% ROI for early investors. 
However, meme coins are notorious for their volatility and inherent unpredictability. While Sponge V2 might deliver quick thrills, its long-term sustainability compared to utility-driven projects like Scorpion Casino still needs to be investigated.
Which Crypto Will Take The Crown?
All three of these projects have some to offer the savvy crypto investor searching for high ROIs, however, Scorpion Casino emerges as a strong contender to pip them to the post. Its presale discount, diverse token utility, and licensed platform offer a compelling combination. While BNB offers stability and Sponge V2 provides meme-fueled fun, Scorpion Casino packs a powerful punch with its potential for both entertainment and financial gain.
Interested in Learning more about the next big crypto sensation? Check out the links below. 
Presale: https://presale.scorpion.casino/ 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/ScorpionCasino
Telegram: https://t.me/scorpioncasino_official
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
BNB Scorpion Casino Sponge V2 
13 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/bnb-sponge-v2-scorpion-casino-hailed-as-crypto-investors-top-roi-contenders/
Bitcoin (BTC) Profits Shifting into New Project Pushd (PUSHD) as Presale Receives Ethereum (ETH) Whale Investor	Analytics Insight	4 hours ago	"Investors are channeling their Bitcoin profits into the emerging platform Pushd, enticed by its potential for innovation and growth."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Bitcoin (BTC) Profits Shifting into New Project Pushd (PUSHD) as Presale Receives Ethereum (ETH) Whale Investor





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













As Bitcoin (BTC) surpasses the $50k mark, marking a significant milestone, a notable shift in investment strategy is observed. Investors are channeling their Bitcoin (BTC) profits into the emerging platform Pushd (PUSHD), enticed by its potential for innovation and growth. This trend gains momentum with the entrance of a prominent Ethereum (ETH) whale investor, signaling strong confidence in Pushd’s future. The platform’s unique approach to integrating blockchain technology with practical applications has made it a magnet for forward-thinking investors seeking to maximize returns.
Bitcoin (BTC) Profits Redirected
Bitcoin (BTC) holders, having enjoyed substantial profits from the cryptocurrency’s growth, are now redirecting their gains into emerging blockchain projects with high potential. The allure of diversifying portfolios and capturing early opportunities in innovative ventures has led them to Pushd (PUSHD), a project that’s quickly gaining traction in the crypto community for its revolutionary approach to e-commerce.
With Bitcoin (BTC) crossing the $50k mark in recent days, investors seem pretty happy, but experts are predicting that this hike is short lived and Bitcoin (BTC) can plummet in the coming weeks to nearly half of its current value.
Ethereum (ETH) Whale Backs Pushd (PUSHD)
A significant endorsement for Pushd (PUSHD) has come from an Ethereum (ETH) whale, known for their substantial holdings and influence within the crypto space. This investor’s move into Pushd’s presale signals strong confidence in the project’s potential and its ability to deliver exceptional returns, drawing further attention from the wider Ethereum (ETH) and Bitcoin (BTC) communities.
Pushd’s Market Potential
Pushd (PUSHD) is catalyzing a paradigm shift in online marketplaces by leveraging blockchain technology to create a decentralized, secure and user-centric trading environment. This innovative approach is challenging the status quo of e-commerce, offering a transparent platform where users enjoy reduced fees and enhanced autonomy over their transactions, thereby redefining the essence of digital commerce.
Pushd (PUSHD) stands out for its ambitious goal to decentralize the e-commerce sector, leveraging blockchain technology to enhance transparency, security and no annoying KYC checks. The platform’s innovative approach, combined with the backing of significant crypto investors, positions it as a prime opportunity for those looking to invest in the next big leap in blockchain application beyond traditional financial transactions.
Priced at only $0.094 per token in its fifth stage of the presale, makes right now a golden period to purchase a potential blue-chip cryptocurrency that is Pushd (PUSHD). Mainly, because experts predict that Pushd (PUSHD) will 30x its current price by October 2024. Hurry up, and join the presale right now!
Find out more about the Pushd presale at their official website.
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Bitcoin Ethereum Pushd 
10 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/bitcoin-btc-profits-shifting-into-new-project-pushd-pushd-as-presale-receives-ethereum-eth-whale-investor/
Emerging Trends in Cryptos: Scorpion Casino Competes with PEPE and Bitcoin Minetrix for Potential 10x Gains	Analytics Insight	6 hours ago	"PEPE, Bitcoin Minetrix and Scorpion Casino made a place in the list of trending cryptos. PEPE's listing on Bitstamp aimed to boost..."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Emerging Trends in Cryptos: Scorpion Casino Competes with PEPE and Bitcoin Minetrix for Potential 10x Gains





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













Recently, PEPE, Bitcoin Minetrix and Scorpion Casino made place in the list of trending cryptos. PEPE’s listing on Bitstamp aimed to boost liquidity and visibility, but the market response didn’t meet expectations. On the other hand, Bitcoin Minetrix’s stake-to-mine model for cloud mining decentralizes the process, offering users more control and security.
In contrast, Scorpion Casino’s ($SCORP) listing on XT.com marks a significant milestone for the project. XT.com, known for its social integration and a user base of 7.5 million, presents a promising opportunity for SCORP’s growth in the region. With diverse NFT memberships, exclusive presale perks, and daily staking rewards, Scorpion Casino has garnered significant interest and strong community support, distinguishing itself as a project with unique features and promising 10x gains.
Market Turns Cold on PEPE’s Bitstamp Listing
On February 13, Bitstamp made a notable announcement regarding the addition of PEPE to its platform. The listing of PEPE on Bitstamp was particularly important for the meme coin as it offered the potential for greater liquidity and visibility.
Despite initial predictions, PEPE’s listing on Bitstamp did not trigger a substantial response in the market. This outcome was surprising and puzzling, as it deviated from the usual pattern of price increases following a major exchange listing.
$SCORP’s XT.com Listing: Fueling Fervor and Foresight
Scorpion Casino (SCORP) has announced a listing on XT.com, marking its debut on the world’s first exchange with social integration. With XT.com having a user base of 7.5 million, the growth of $SCORP’s user base in the region seems promising. This listing is a significant milestone for $SCORP, providing access to a vast and diverse user community and opening up new opportunities of potential 10x gains for crypto investors.
Moreover, Scorpion Casino’s launch of daily staking rewards allows investors to earn passive income every day, including during the presale phase, based on their $SCORP holdings. This approach ensures that the benefits of holding $SCORP extend beyond traditional avenues, offering a consistent flow of rewards to participants.
Scorpion Casino has a range of NFT memberships, starting from 1k, along with exclusive presale perks that attract early supporters. This move has garnered interest, leading to a surge in demand and rapid sellouts. The live presale has already raised over $4.5 million, reflecting strong community support. Participants in the presale can earn daily staking rewards, with up to 10,000 USDT available each day, setting Scorpion Casino apart and allowing investors to benefit even before the official launch.

Bitcoin Minetrix’s Decentralized Cloud Mining 
Bitcoin Minetrix is a cryptocurrency platform that utilizes a stake-to-mine model to tokenize cloud mining. Cloud mining involves renting mining power from centralized operations through third-party corporations. However, these corporations are often associated with questionable practices and scams. Bitcoin Minetrix addresses this problem by decentralizing the process and providing cloud mining credits.
Through the staking mechanism of the $BTCMTX token, users can earn cloud mining credits. This setup allows for greater security and autonomy over assets since users retain control. It also serves as a user-friendly entry point for those new to Bitcoin or crypto mining.
The Potential for 10x Gains
In the trending cryptos, the contrasting outcomes of PEPE’s listing on Bitstamp and Bitcoin Minetrix’s approach to cloud mining highlight the unpredictable nature of the cryptocurrency market. While PEPE’s listing aimed to enhance liquidity and visibility, it fell short of expectations, showcasing the challenges faced by meme coins in maintaining market interest. On the other hand, Bitcoin Minetrix’s stake-to-mine model offers a decentralized alternative to traditional cloud mining.
In contrast, Scorpion Casino’s listing on XT.com represents a significant achievement, leveraging the platform’s expansive user base and social integration to fuel its growth. With its unique features such as diverse NFT memberships, exclusive presale perks, daily staking rewards and potential of 10x gains for crypto investors, Scorpion Casino has successfully captured the attention of investors and community members alike, positioning itself as a project with substantial potential and promising prospects in the cryptocurrency sphere.
To learn more and invest in the Scorpion Casino presale, visit: 
Presale: https://presale.scorpion.casino/ 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/ScorpionCasino
Telegram: https://t.me/scorpioncasino_official
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Bitcoin Minetrix PEPE Scorpion Casino 
9 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/emerging-trends-in-cryptos-scorpion-casino-competes-with-pepe-and-bitcoin-minetrix-for-potential-10x-gains/
Solana Price Prediction: Rise or Fall? – Forbes Advisor Australia	Forbes	4 days ago	What does 2024 hold for crypto coin Solana? Will it scale new heights or fail to capitalise on its momentum?		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/au/investing/cryptocurrency/solana-price-prediction/
Bitcoin's renewed euphoria as price keeps rising	The Economic Times	2 days ago	"Bitcoin is forecast to keep on rising after hitting fresh two-year highs above $50000 on Thursday, leaving analysts to wonder whether..."		https://m.economictimes.com/markets/cryptocurrency/bitcoins-renewed-euphoria-as-price-keeps-rising/articleshow/107732147.cms
Money Across Borders: How Cryptocurrency Has Opened Global Exchange	Cato Institute	7-Nov-23	A Unique Solution in a New Form of Money. Cryptocurrency has offered a unique solution to some of the problems experienced with traditional...		https://www.cato.org/publications/money-across-borders-how-cryptocurrency-has-opened-global-exchange
The Best Cryptos for February: Scorpion Casino Joins the Surge with Celestia and Stacks	Analytics Insight	8 hours ago	Investors have marked a special interest in Celestia (TIA) and Stacks (STX). TIA and STX have stood for their strong technical indicators.	"CryptocurrencyLatest News The Best Cryptos for February: Scorpion Casino Joins the Surge with Celestia and Stacks





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













Want To Earn Up To $10,000 In Passive Income Daily?
The crypto market is gearing up for a surge on the back of strong cues and strong excitement from Bitcoin Halving. Amidst a rush of inflows, investors have marked a special interest in Celestia (TIA) and Stacks (STX). TIA and STX have stood for their strong technical indicators and are rated as some of the best cryptos to buy for February. Another project that has invited interest and inflows is Scorpion Casino (SCORP), a GameFi project that has raised more than $4.6 million in its presale. 
Scorpion Casino: Unleashing True Passive Income
Amidst the excitement surrounding Celestia (TIA) and Stacks (STX), Scorpion Casino carves its own niche with its unique project. Optimism behind the SCORP project gaining significant traction and surpassing $4.6 million in its blockbuster presale. A feature that has cemented SCORP’s fame is its daily staking rewards, providing a steady stream of passive income for its community.
Scorpion Casino’s daily staking rewards are also withdrawable during the presale stage itself, with more than $100,000 already given out to its community. With endorsements from prominent ambassadors and listings on major exchanges, Scorpion Casino (SCORP) positions itself as one of the best crypto to buy for February.
Can Celestia Sustain Forward Momentum? 
Celestia (TIA) has stood out to investors with its innovative blockchain technology. While experiencing recent fluctuations, Celestia has demonstrated remarkable resilience, hinting at its potential to soar to new heights. Since its inception, Celestia’s journey has been marked by significant milestones, with its price surging from a modest $2 to an all-time high above $20.
The allure of Celestia (TIA) lies in its adaptive design, addressing the inherent shortcomings of traditional blockchains. The hype around the token is also on the up as investors eye a projected valuation of $25 in 2024. However, TIA’s volatility is a concerning factor for investors looking for stability.
Stacks Network Sees Gains in February
Stacks (STX) commands attention as one of the leading performers of February, boasting impressive surges in trading volume and market cap. With its current trading price reflecting a substantial increase and a formidable market dominance, Stacks reflects the strong bullish sentiment in the market. STX has also rallied more than 40% in the second week of February, positioning it as a promising asset for investors seeking substantial returns.
Amidst its bullish run, Stacks’ inflation rate warrants consideration, providing context to its sustained performance. As investors flock to assets with promising prospects, Stacks (STX) remains a good choice with potential but with factors that warrant caution.

The Best Crypto For February Is $SCORP
While Celestia (TIA) and Stacks (STX) showcase impressive market performances, it is Scorpion Casino (SCORP) that stands out with its passive income generation options and built-in trust and security. SCORP’s strategic exchange listings, such as XT.COM, is a testament to the project’s long-term viability. With its surging popularity, innovative features, and promising partnerships, Scorpion Casino (SCORP) maintains an edge over its peers as one of the best cryptos to buy for 2024.
Discover more about SCORP and participate in the presale here:
Presale: https://presale.scorpion.casino/  
Twitter: https://twitter.com/ScorpionCasino 
Telegram: https://t.me/scorpioncasino_official
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Celestia Scorpion Casino Stacks 
9 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/the-best-cryptos-for-february-scorpion-casino-joins-the-surge-with-celestia-and-stacks/
"Turn $2500 Into $250,000 With Option2Trade (O2T) Leaving Retik Finance (RETIK) Behind"	Analytics Insight	3 hours ago	"Retik Finance losing favour as investors flock to Option2Trade (O2T), drawn by its promise of leveraging AI to redefine trading success."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Turn $2500 Into $250,000 With Option2Trade (O2T) Leaving Retik Finance (RETIK) Behind





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













Option2Trade (O2T) is gaining popularity in decentralized finance due to its innovative and profitable approach. It allows investors to transform a $2500 investment into $250,000, transforming the crypto community’s sentiment and strategy. This has led to platforms like Retik Finance (RETIK) losing favour as investors flock to Option2Trade (O2T), drawn by its promise of leveraging AI to redefine trading success.

The O2T Advantage: A New Era of A.I.-Powered Trading
At the heart of Option2Trade’s (O2T) appeal is its pioneering use of A.I. technology to enhance trading strategies and decision-making processes. By harnessing the power of A.I., Option2Trade (O2T) offers a level of market analysis and prediction accuracy that was previously unthinkable, setting a new standard for what investors can expect from their trading platforms.
– Option2Trade’s (O2T) A.I. algorithms analyze vast amounts of market data in real-time, identifying trends and opportunities that human traders might miss. This allows for more informed and strategic trading decisions, dramatically increasing the profit potential.
– Beyond mere analysis, Option2Trade’s (O2T) platform automates the trading process, executing transactions at the optimal moment to capitalize on market movements. This ensures that investors can achieve the best possible outcomes without the need for constant market surveillance.
Why Investors Are Leaving Retik Finance for O2T
As investors increasingly prioritize returns and technological innovation in their trading platforms, Retik Finance (RETIK) has begun to lose ground to Option2Trade (O2T). The shift is driven by several key factors that underscore Option2Trade’s (O2T) superiority in meeting the modern investor’s needs.
– Option2Trade’s (O2T) A.I.-driven approach not only promises but delivers on the potential for exponential growth, turning modest investments into significant fortunes. This has naturally led investors to reconsider the value offered by platforms like Retik Finance (RETIK), which lack the same level of A.I. integration and potential for high returns.
– Option2Trade (O2T) investors are attracted to the platform’s forward-thinking approach to trading, which aligns with the broader market trend towards data-driven, automated investment strategies. In contrast, platforms that fail to fully leverage new technologies like A.I. are increasingly viewed as outdated.

The Path to $250,000 with O2T
Turning a $2500 investment into $250,000 with Option2Trade (O2T) is not a mere fantasy but a tangible possibility, thanks to the platform’s sophisticated A.I. capabilities and strategic trading mechanisms. Investors looking to realize this potential are encouraged to engage deeply with the platform, leveraging all available tools and resources to maximize their chances of success.
– Successful trading on Option2Trade (O2T) requires more than just an initial investment. Active participation, including following A.I. recommendations and taking advantage of automated trading options, is key to maximizing returns.
– The most successful Option2Trade (O2T) investors are those who remain committed to learning and adapting their strategies in response to A.I. insights and market developments. This proactive approach is essential for staying ahead in the fast-paced world of DeFi trading.
Conclusion: A New Favorite Emerges
As Option2Trade (O2T) continues to draw investors away from Retik Finance (RETIK) and other platforms, it’s clear that the future of DeFi trading lies in the hands of those who embrace A.I. and other emerging technologies. For investors willing to make the leap, Option2Trade (O2T) offers not just the promise of substantial financial growth but also the opportunity to be part of a revolutionary shift in how trading is conducted. In this new era, platforms like Option2Trade (O2T) stand out as the preferred choice for anyone seeking to turn a modest investment into a significant fortune, leaving traditional and less innovative options increasingly out of favour.
For more information on the Option2Trade (O2T) Presale: 
Use promo code O2TLaunch to get 15% bonus
Visit Option2Trade
Join and become a community member: 
https://t.me/O2TOfficial 
https://twitter.com/Option2Trade
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
DeFi Option2Trade Retik Finance 
1 View 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/turn-2500-into-250000-with-option2trade-o2t-leaving-retik-finance-retik-behind/
Is cryptocurrency helping Hamas fund terrorism?	France 24	22-Oct-23	"The Palestinian Islamic Jihad group, for its part, has raised $94 million (€89 million) in cryptocurrency in recent years, according to Elliptic..."		https://www.france24.com/en/middle-east/20231022-is-cryptocurrency-helping-hamas-fund-terrorism
Solana (SOL) and Ethereum (ETH) Experience Steady Gains as Market Turns Optimistic - Borroe Finance Presale ...	Analytics Insight	1 hour ago	"Solana (SOL) and Ethereum (ETH) are charting steady gains in the crypto market, signaling rising investor enthusiasm in the crypto market."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Solana (SOL) and Ethereum (ETH) Experience Steady Gains as Market Turns Optimistic – Borroe Finance Presale Attracts Unprecedented Interest





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













Solana (SOL) and Ethereum (ETH) are charting steady gains in the crypto market, signaling rising investor enthusiasm. Concurrently, the Borroe Finance ($ROE) presale draws remarkable interest, highlighting the sector’s appetite for innovative DeFi companies and promising returns. Let’s explore more about these top altcoins– SOL, ETH, and $ROE.
>>BUY $ROE TOKENS NOW<<
Solana Mobile Hits 100,000 Preorders
Solana Mobile’s “Chapter 2” smartphone has reached 100,000 preorders within a month. It contrasts with the first Solana crypto phone, which sold 20,000 units in a year. This surge underscores the increasing interest in crypto-integrated mobile devices. 
With $45 million in funding, Solana plans to deliver these new devices by early 2025. The “Chapter 2” model of SOL mobile, set at a preorder price of $450, aims to be more affordable than its $1,000 predecessor. The overwhelming demand and SOL’s strategy to embed unique crypto functionalities from the Solana blockchain is due to the overwhelming demand.
Besides, SOL was trading at over $110 in mid-February. Experts say the Solana ecosystem is experiencing a bullish surge and shows potential to break above $120 soon. SOL initiated its rally from a support level of $95. A key bullish trend line with support at $105 supports the momentum, with SOL poised to challenge resistance levels at $118.
Moreover, technical indicators of SOL are positive, with the MACD accelerating in the bullish zone and the RSI above 50, indicating sustained buying pressure. A break above resistance could lead SOL to further gains towards $125. However, should Solana fail to surpass $115, SOL might correct downwards, with significant support at $105.
Franklin Templeton Files for Spot Ethereum ETF
Franklin Templeton applied to the SEC for a spot Ethereum ETF on February 12. The firm already has a spot Bitcoin ETF and partners with Coinbase Custody for ETH custody and Bank of New York Mellon for cash custody and administration. 
Despite the dominance of giants like BlackRock and Fidelity in the Ethereum ETF market, Franklin Templeton is optimistic about Ethereum ETF’s growth potential. Experts say the Ethereum price is bullish, aiming for $3,500 following Franklin Templeton’s application. 
ETH surpassed the $2,600 mark in mid-February. Ethereum marked over 15% gains in the second week of February. The MACD of Ethereum shows a positive trend with a rising green histogram and bullish convergence. If Ethereum surpasses the $2,700 resistance, ETH could aim for $2,900 by the end of March. 
Conversely, a trend reversal could see ETH dropping to test support levels at $2,500 and possibly down to $2,400 if bearish pressure prevails. Yet, the ETH community is excited after such crypto news. The ETF will open a wide market for ETH to continue dominance among altcoins. Amid these, a new blockchain ICO–Borroe Finance, has attracted investors with its impressive presale run.
Borroe Finance Presale Draws Major Investor Interest
The Borroe Finance presale generates immense interest among investors, driven by the potential for substantial returns. With $ROE’s innovative combination of AI, NFTs, smart contracts, and the Polygon blockchain, Borroe Finance stands out in the crowded DeFi space. 
Borroe Finance has already raised over $2.8 million, selling over 234 million $ROE tokens during its presale. It is now in Stage 4 with $ROE tokens priced at $0.019. Investors are drawn to $ROE for its projected price increase to $0.040, eyeing gains of over 110%.
What sets Borroe Finance apart is its unique approach to enabling Web3 creators to fundraise by minting NFTs representing future invoices sold at a discount in a peer-to-peer marketplace. This method supports creators and offers $ROE investors a compelling opportunity to engage with a cutting-edge financial platform.
As DeFi continues to captivate the crypto world, $ROE emerges as a leading project by pioneering an AI-driven marketplace for liquidity. The move to HODL $ROE in investment portfolios is a strategic step for those looking to benefit from Borroe Finance’s promising future in the DeFi sector.
Learn more about Borroe Finance ($ROE) here:
Visit Borroe Finance Presale | Join The Telegram Group | Follow Borroe Finance on Twitter
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Borroe Finance Ethereum Solana 
1 View 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/solana-sol-and-ethereum-eth-experience-steady-gains-as-market-turns-optimistic-borroe-finance-presale-attracts-unprecedented-interest/
What Is Staking In Crypto?	Forbes	1 month ago	"With cryptocurrency, one way to make a profit is to sell your investment when the market price increases. There are other ways to make money..."		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/in/investing/cryptocurrency/what-is-staking-in-crypto/
Best life-changing cryptocurrency to buy in 2024	Finbold	1 day ago	"With most assets in the cryptocurrency market recording a bullish month, some of them had an exceptionally positive year,..."		https://finbold.com/best-life-changing-cryptocurrency-to-buy-in-2024/
"Stinging the Competition: Why Scorpion Casino, Pepe Coin & Bonk Are Top Cryptos For High ROIs"	Analytics Insight	6 hours ago	"The cryptocurrency landscape is teeming with opportunities, but discerning high-potential projects amidst the noise can be daunting,..."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Stinging the Competition: Why Scorpion Casino, Pepe Coin & Bonk Are Top Cryptos For High ROIs





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













The cryptocurrency landscape is teeming with opportunities, but discerning high-potential projects amidst the noise can be daunting, especially those that profess that they ranked amongst the top cryptos for high ROIs. 
Scorpion Casino ($SCORP), Pepe Coin (PEPE), and Bonk (BONK) are three tokens that have garnered significant attention within the crypto enthusiast community, each offering unique value propositions and promising ROIs. 
Scorpion Casino: The King of the Crypto Colosseum
As the crypto casino scene swings from bull to bear daily, Scorpion Casino emerges as a gladiator poised to conquer the arena. Its presale has already amassed over $4.5 million from enthusiastic participants, fueled by the promise of an unparalleled gaming experience powered by the $SCORP token. 
Scorpion Casino envisions itself as the go-to destination for crypto casino enthusiasts and online sports bettors, offering an array of entertainment. $SCROP offers over 30,000 monthly betting opportunities, encompassing classic casino titles, live dealer thrills, virtual sports, and more. 
This new crypto-gambling platform boasts 210 online casino offerings and 160 live casino tables planned; variety is clearly the name of the game. Licensed and equipped with Provably Fair (FP) mechanisms, Scorpion Casino prioritises player confidence. 

Validate game outcomes independently, and rest assured, there is no funny business here; with lucrative incentives, active participation on the platform unlocks attractive rewards, fueling your gaming journey and amplifying your enjoyment.
Scorpion Casino is tipped to achieve high ROI due to its developed roadmap outlining exciting developments, including a DAO for community governance and an NFT marketplace, further solidifying its long-term potential.
Pepe Coin: The OG Meme With A Spring In Its Step
Pepe Coin, established in 2021, rides the wave of meme-coin popularity. While it offers a lighthearted approach to crypto, its community-driven nature and social media presence fuel its ongoing relevance. 
The coin’s governance model empowers its holders to shape their future actively through voting and decision-making. $PEPE fuels various platforms and services within the Pepe ecosystem, including NFT marketplaces and meme-sharing communities.
However, compared to Scorpion Casino’s utility-driven approach, Pepe Coin’s value proposition primarily lies in its cultural significance and potential for community-driven initiatives.
Bonk: The Solana Darling with Big Dreams
Bonk, launched in December 2022, has become synonymous with the Solana ecosystem. Its association with Solana and the recent Revolut listing news have undoubtedly bolstered its popularity. 
However, like Pepe Coin, Bonk’s primary value lies in its association with a specific community and ecosystem. Bonk’s use case appears narrower than Scorpion Casino’s comprehensive platform and token utility.

Each project discussed caters to a specific audience and offers unique value propositions. For investors seeking a high-ROI cryptocurrency with a robust platform, utility-driven token, and a clear roadmap for development, Scorpion Casino stands out as a potential frontrunner. Its presale offers an opportunity to join the project at its nascent stage, potentially reaping significant rewards as the platform matures.
Ready to enter the Scorpion Casino Colosseum? Check out the links below. 
Presale: https://presale.scorpion.casino/ 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/ScorpionCasino
Telegram: https://t.me/scorpioncasino_official
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Bonk Pepe coin Scorpion Casino 
7 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/stinging-the-competition-why-scorpion-casino-pepe-coin-bonk-are-top-cryptos-for-high-rois/
Cryptocurrency To Yield 1000% ROI In 30 Days	Coinpedia	13 hours ago	"The price of 1 NewGold token could rise to $100000 in the nearest future, and could reach $1000 in few weeks from now."		https://coinpedia.org/press-release/crypto-to-yield-1000-roi-in-30-days/
Shiba Inu Price Stagnant as New Project Gains Rapid Momentum	Analytics Insight	5 hours ago	"Shiba Inu is relatively stable at this point, BEFE Coin has been rallying aggressively in the past week in the crypto market."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Shiba Inu Price Stagnant as New Project Gains Rapid Momentum





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













The crypto market’s dynamic nature has resulted in a wild price swing right before the market sentiments turn bullish. The two tokens that have investors’ eyes glued on the current market are Shiba Inu and BEFE Coin. While Shiba Inu is relatively stable at this point, BEFE Coin has been rallying aggressively in the past week. Let’s get into the details of the performances of the two coins and why BEFE is gaining rapid momentum. 
Shiba Inu (SHIB): A Tale of Hype and Scammers
Hot out of the over, insiders indicated that Shiba Inu has attracted a newfound interest of some scammers lately. Amidst Shiba Inu’s token burning, the coin has found Shiba Inu in a fix with the TREAT token fiasco. Intended to replace the BONE token as the reward mechanism for Shiba Inu’s ShibSwap, the TREAT token extends rewards to the metaverse and the blockchain rendition of the Shiba Collectible Card Game (NFT collection). 
The TREAT token is expected to play a crucial role in the Shiba Inu network in the coming future. The token has been a target of some recent attacks. Unfortunately, some hackers have exploited the TREAT hype and are preying on Shiba Inu investors who mistakenly believe that the TREAT token has already been launched. The active scamming has tainted Shiba Inu’s hype, trickling down the attention to the next booming contender, BEFE Coin. 
BEFE Coin (BEFE): The Rising Star
In contrast to the Shiba Inu token, BEFE Coin has been quietly gaining momentum over the last week. Launched without a presale, BEFE champions zero taxes. BEFE aims to be recalled as a coin for the people. BEFE is currently trading at $0.00049 with a super impressive spike of 18.86 in just a week, while Shiba Inu is down on the last day. 
In contrast, BEFE Coin has quietly gained momentum. Launched without a presale, BEFE champions zero taxes, positioning itself as a coin for the people. Its powerful memes guide users toward greatness. Currently trading at $0.00049 with an impressive 18.86% weekly increase, BEFE’s allure grows.
What Sets BEFE Apart?
BEFE Coin has made its place in the investors’ eye from its unique features and offerings. With its primary focus being enhancing the platform and improving customer experience with innovation, Bitgert has gained loyalty from a decent bunch of investors. Its emphasis on utility, transparency, and community engagement has bettered its adoption rate in the last few months. 
Both SHIB and BEFE Coin offer intriguing opportunities. While SHIB maintains its steady course, BEFE Coin’s rapid rise demands attention. To learn more about BEFE Coin and its developments, visit – 
Website: https://befetoken.com
Telegram: t.me/befetoken
Twitter: x.com/befetoken
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Crypto market Cryptocurrency Shiba Inu 
9 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/shiba-inu-price-stagnant-as-new-project-gains-rapid-momentum/
How to Analyze Cryptocurrency: The Basics	Investopedia	10-Dec-23	The Bottom Line. A cryptocurrency analysis involves examining all the available information about a digital asset. Understanding and researching...	"Trending Videos









Cryptocurrency investing can be a great way to diversify investments, but figuring out which cryptocurrency is suitable and which isn’t can be challenging. To make an informed investment decision, it is important to know how to analyze cryptocurrencies.





Key Takeaways

Investing in cryptocurrency requires a basic understanding of what it is.When choosing a crypto, you should learn about the project and what its vision is.Cryptocurrency analysis is similar to fundamental analysis of stocks.If a project makes promises but doesn't discuss how it is solving a problem, it might not be a good investment.


   1. Review the White Paper  

Most crypto projects provide a white paper, which helps define the objectives and technical details about the blockchain and its cryptocurrency's role. True white papers contain terms and language data scientists, programmers, and developers understand. For instance, Solana has a whitepaper that describes how the blockchain will work and what the token is used for.



Cybertruck's white paper, on the other hand, does not—it is a flashy website that talks about the potential for building a community. A disclaimer at the bottom of the webpage states, ""$CYBERTRUCK is a meme coin with no intrinsic value or expectation of financial return. There is no formal team or roadmap. The coin is completely useless.""



A cryptocurrency with utility or a reason to exist should have a white paper that clearly defines the project's goals, how it will achieve them, and how the cryptocurrency will function. Legitimate white papers define a problem being solved with the blockchain and token, and this problem and solution should be crystal clear to investors.


   2. Research the Team  

Cryptocurrencies are typically created by a team of founders and software developers who help create the solution to a problem. To better understand how a project could perform, you should research the professional experience of the project team. 



This may include reviewing LinkedIn profiles to learn about the professional background of any of the technical or leadership staff and the previous projects that the team members have launched. Also, the “About” page on any cryptocurrency’s website should clearly articulate who is helping build the project and what their expertise entails.



A red flag would be a team of anonymous founders or developers who don’t reveal their identity publicly or an inexperienced team that has not built or scaled any projects in the past.


   3. Learn About the Leadership  

Crypto projects with the potential to make a difference have a clearly defined executive team that handles the execution, financials, and marketing. Learning more about who is leading a cryptocurrency team can give insight into the probability of success for a project.



Here are a few questions to ask when researching a crypto project's leadership:



Do they have a history of successful leadership positions?Are they reputable/well-known leaders?Do they have a history in the crypto industry? Is it good or bad?Are they public-facing or anonymous?



While some projects with anonymous founders have had success, such as Bitcoin, there are others with bad intentions. The cryptocurrency is likely not legitimate if the project's leadership is sketchy or if it avoids important topics.


   4. Get to Know the Community  

Most cryptocurrencies are community-driven projects that typically require a strong, supportive community to grow. Learning about a cryptocurrency's community can help you gauge whether a project will succeed or if it is pure hype and speculation.



Joining the community's Discord or Telegram channel can help you learn more about it, as well as get your questions about the project itself answered. If a large community base is well-organized and frequently promotes the project, it could be a sign that a cryptocurrency has the potential to grow. Communities should be discussing issues with the blockchain and improvements that could be made or have other similar discussions—in addition to the regular conversations that might occur between people with similar interests. If all you find is hype and pumping, it is a good bet that the cryptocurrency project is not legitimate.


   5. Understand the Technology  

Cryptocurrencies are a new concept built on distributed systems that have existed for decades. The original intent behind them was to remove human involvement (and thus corruption, mistakes, and third-party profits) from financial systems. If you can gain even a partial understanding of how blockchains work and can be used to solve problems, you'll have an upper hand in deciding whether a cryptocurrency is worth investing in.



However, you don't need to know how to program or maintain a blockchain—but learning what a token is, what the blockchain does, how it is maintained, what is stored on a blockchain, and how the blockchain is interacted with by users is essential for would-be investors. Otherwise, you're only speculating on prices and hoping the coin becomes popular.


   6. Understand the Vision  

Cryptocurrencies should have a clear vision of their goals, with a road map that estimates how they will get there. This should be readily available in the white paper and on its website. The vision of a crypto project should give enough details for you to understand what problems it is solving and the potential user base.



For example, if a website has statements like “cryptocurrency is the future” but does not define or articulate a clear vision for how the cryptocurrency solves a specific user problem, it is a red flag.


   7. Review the Road Map  

The road map for a cryptocurrency project is a timeline of events that shows its expected progress. Typically shown on a line graph, the road map should have clear and concise milestones broken down on a quarterly basis, all moving the project toward a predefined set of goals.



The road map may be available in the white paper, though most crypto project timelines are ever-changing and are listed on a website. If there is no defined road map, or if the milestones are too generic (or based on money raised or earned), it is a red flag.


   8. Learn the Tokenomics  

The term ""tokenomics"" refers to the distribution, circulation, and total supply of a given cryptocurrency. This is important, as it affects the overall price of a cryptocurrency over time. Similar to shares of stock in a publicly traded company, the price of a given cryptocurrency reflects supply and demand. The more shares there are, the more demand there needs to be to increase the price.



Here are three important data points to review before investing in any cryptocurrency:



Circulating supply: The cryptocurrency currently in the marketTotal supply: The total amount of cryptocurrency issued, including those that have been removed from circulationMaximum supply: The maximum amount of tokens that will ever be issued



All three of these statistics can greatly affect the price of a given cryptocurrency, so understanding supply is essential for cryptocurrency investors.



Some cryptocurrency projects use uneven token distribution methods to try and influence prices. Reviewing the token unlock schedule can help you understand how the tokens will be distributed and to whom they will go. Projects that give the founders a large portion of tokens at release should be viewed with a skeptic's glasses.


   9. Review the Data  

Cryptocurrency prices are known to swing up and down wildly. One reason for these wild swings is that investors do not want to be left out of the next big price jump, nor do they want to be left holding a cryptocurrency that has dropped significantly in price (unless they are very bullish about it).



Users influence prices as well, paying for cryptocurrency at the going market rate, but this activity is much less significant an influence than investing and trading.



Cryptocurrency prices also react, sometimes explosively, to news and events because of investor anticipation. For example, Bitcoin halvings are believed by many investors to be events that increase its price because there is a reduction in the rate at which new coins are introduced. However, what's really causing the price changes is demand because investors associate the event with a price jump—so they start buying more, causing the price to increase.



The price of the cryptocurrency you're reviewing should follow the same trends other cryptocurrencies have because traders and investors will generally treat them the same as they do other investments. Prices that seem out of place should raise an eyebrow.




What Are Cryptocurrencies?
Cryptocurrencies are virtual currencies not controlled or supported by any central authority like banks. Instead, transactions and ownership data are stored on a blockchain.




Is Investing in Crypto Safe?
Investing in cryptocurrency is a speculative investment. While it is not necessarily considered a “safe investment,” it can be a viable option for portfolio diversification. Cryptocurrency can be a smaller part of a larger investment portfolio, characterized as a risky asset with more volatility than most investments.




What Are the Popular Cryptocurrencies?
There are many popular cryptocurrencies on the market, but the simplest way to gauge the popularity of a given cryptocurrency is market capitalization. This is the measurement of the total value of cryptocurrency based on the current price and circulating supply of tokens. Here are some popular cryptocurrencies ranked by market cap (as of December 2023):Bitcoin (BTC)Ethereum (ETH)Tether (USDT)BNB (BNB)XRP


   The Bottom Line  

A cryptocurrency analysis involves examining all the available information about a digital asset. Understanding and researching the topic helps you to determine why it's priced the way it is and whether it is worth investing in.



The comments, opinions, and analyses expressed on Investopedia are for informational purposes only. Read our warranty and liability disclaimer for more info. As of the date this article was written, the author does not own cryptocurrency."	https://www.investopedia.com/analyze-crypto-6456223
Crypto Market Value Climbs Back Above $2 Trillion in Broad Rally	Yahoo Finance	2 days ago	"(Bloomberg) -- Bitcoin hovered around $52000 after a broad cryptocurrency rally that saw Ether, the second-biggest token, advance back to..."		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/crypto-market-value-climbs-back-021423714.html
"Make 300k Profit With A.I Trailblazer Set To 100x, VeChain (VET) Investors Like The Sound Of That."	Analytics Insight	2 hours ago	"Option2Trade (O2T), an A.I. trailblazer in the trading domain, is making headlines with its bold projection of achieving 100x growth."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Make 300k Profit With A.I Trailblazer Set To 100x, VeChain (VET) Investors Like The Sound Of That.





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













In the rapidly evolving landscape of decentralized finance (DeFi) and artificial intelligence (A.I.), a new beacon of opportunity has emerged that is capturing the attention of savvy investors from the VeChain (VET) community. Option2Trade (O2T), an A.I. trailblazer in the trading domain, is making headlines with its bold projection of achieving 100x growth. This ambitious forecast not only showcases the platform’s confidence in its innovative technology but also opens up a pathway for investors to potentially make a staggering 300k profit. For VeChain (VET) investors, who have a keen eye for transformative technologies and their potential for value creation, the proposition of Option2Trade (O2T) resonates deeply, aligning with their investment ethos.

A.I. Innovation: The Heart of O2T’s Promise
At the core of Option2Trade’s (O2T) ambitious growth projection lies its cutting-edge A.I. technology, which sets it apart in the crowded marketplace of trading platforms. By harnessing the power of A.I., Option2Trade (O2T) aims to revolutionize the trading experience, offering unparalleled efficiency, accuracy, and profitability.
– Option2Trade’s (O2T) platform leverages advanced algorithms to analyze market trends, predict movements, and execute trades with a level of precision that was previously unattainable, offering a significant advantage to its users.
– Through the use of A.I., Option2Trade (O2T) enables the customization of trading strategies that cater to individual investor preferences and risk profiles, maximizing potential returns.
VeChain Investors Drawn to A.I. Trailblazer
VeChain (VET) investors, known for their support of technology-driven solutions in supply chain management and beyond, find Option2Trade’s (O2T) A.I.-focused approach particularly appealing. The potential to make a substantial profit with a platform set to grow by 100x taps into the core of what VeChain (VET) investors look for in an investment—innovation, scalability, and high returns.
– The synergy between VeChain’s (VET) blockchain solutions and Option2Trade’s (O2T) A.I.-powered trading platform underscores a shared vision for leveraging technology to create value and disrupt traditional industries.
– For VeChain (VET) investors, diversifying into Option2Trade (O2T) represents an opportunity to expand their investment horizons into the burgeoning field of A.I., aligning with their penchant for forward-thinking and value-driven investments.

The Path to Making 300k Profit
The journey to realizing a 300k profit with Option2Trade (O2T) is rooted in the platform’s strategic approach to trading and its commitment to leveraging A.I. for market analysis and decision-making. Investors are drawn to the platform’s promise of substantial growth, spurred by the innovative use of technology to enhance trading outcomes.
– By getting involved with Option2Trade (O2T) early, investors stand to benefit from the platform’s growth trajectory, potentially turning a significant profit as the platform achieves its projected 100x growth.
–  The integration of A.I. technology is seen as a key catalyst for Option2Trade’s (O2T) success, offering a compelling reason for investors to consider the platform as a means to achieve their financial goals.
Conclusion: VeChain Investors Eyeing A.I. Powered Profits
As VeChain (VET) investors explore the potential of making a 300k profit with Option2Trade (O2T), the allure of A.I.-powered trading becomes increasingly evident. The convergence of technological innovation, strategic investment opportunities, and the potential for significant returns positions Option2Trade (O2T) as an attractive proposition for those looking to diversify their portfolios and capitalize on the next wave of DeFi and A.I. advancements. For investors who have built their portfolios on the back of blockchain technology and are now looking to the future, Option2Trade (O2T) represents not just an investment opportunity but a venture into the cutting-edge intersection of finance and artificial intelligence.
For more information on the Option2Trade (O2T) Presale: 
Use promo code O2TLaunch to get 15% bonus
Visit Option2Trade
Join and become a community member: 
https://t.me/O2TOfficial 
https://twitter.com/Option2Trade
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Option2Trade (O2T) VeChain VET 
1 View 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/make-300k-profit-with-a-i-trailblazer-set-to-100x-vechain-vet-investors-like-the-sound-of-that/
U.S-listed crypto firms hitch a ride with rising bitcoin	Yahoo Finance	4 days ago	"(Reuters) - Shares of U.S.-listed cryptocurrency companies gained between 7% and 13% before the bell on Wednesday, powered by bitcoin..."		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/u-listed-crypto-firms-hitch-114318578.html
MiCA Regulation: Why Is EU Struggling To Lure Crypto Players?	CoinGape	9 hours ago	"In the dynamic landscape of cryptocurrency, the European Union (EU) finds itself at a critical juncture with the impending implementation of..."		https://coingape.com/mica-regulation-why-eu-struggling-to-lure-crypto-players/
‘How Nigeria can benefit from $1.2trillion cryptocurrency assets’	The Nation Newspaper	6 hours ago	"Nigeria stands to benefit from the global cryptocurrency assets valued at $1.2trillion, experts have said."		https://thenationonlineng.net/how-nigeria-can-benefit-from-1-2trillion-cryptocurrency-assets/
"Trending Deestream (DST) Takes Investment from 3 Whales in 24 Hours as Ethereum (ETH), Cardano (ADA ..."	Analytics Insight	5 hours ago	"The article reveals how three whale investors and many Ethereum, Cardano (ADA), and Binance Coin (BNB) holders have backed DeeStream (DST)."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Trending Deestream (DST) Takes Investment from 3 Whales in 24 Hours as Ethereum (ETH), Cardano (ADA) & Binance Coin (BNB) Investors Buy in Big!





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













Crypto market trends are indicators of investors’ activity. They show the tokens investors are interested in, what the crypto market looked like at that period, and what it could become soon.
These trends are often shaped by the biggest investors, and holders of cryptocurrencies like Ethereum (ETH), Cardano (ADA), and  BNB (BNB).
When big-time Binance Coin (BNB) holders, Cardano whales, and Ethereum (ETH) behemoths simultaneously decide to invest in a particular crypto token, the effect trickles down to everyone else in the crypto market. Other investors become even more attentive to trends. And never have they been more attentive than now, when Ethereum (ETH), Cardano (ADA), and Binance Coin (BNB) holders are investing in DeeStream (DST).
The Ethereum (ETH) Interest 
Ethereum (ETH) is a well-established cryptocurrency, and Ethereum (ETH) holders have benefited greatly from the coin’s profitability. Nevertheless, they never miss an opportunity to diversify their investments. This is why notable Ethereum (ETH) investors are moving to DeeStream (DST)
Ethereum’s (ETH) current price of $2,781 makes it difficult to purchase more of its tokens. With DeeStream (DST) in its first stage of presale and currently priced at only $0.035, Ethereum (ETH) investors see this as a huge opportunity, especially when considering the benefits of early investment.
Ethereum (ETH) investors have also noted DeeStream’s (DST) uniqueness as a key motivator for their investments. DeeStream, being the first fully decentralized Web3 streaming platform, is viewed as a pointer to unending innovation made possible by blockchain technology.
The Cardano (ADA) Admiration 
Cardano (ADA) investors love DeeStream (DST) because it gives them more financial control. Cardano (ADA) has been doing pretty well in the crypto market. Just last week, it had a 9.29 % rise in value. Although that seems good, that’s not enough for most Cardano (ADA) investors.
Cardano (ADA) holders are blown away by DeeStream’s collective governance model, a system that allows owners of DeeStream’s token, DST, to participate in shaping the platform’s policies. Additionally, DeeStream(DST) investors also get a share of DeeStream’s revenue which is dependent on how many tokens they own. That’s the kind of certainty and control that Cardano (ADA) investors want.
The BNB Buy-in and DeeStream’s Dominance 
Just like the Ethereum (ETH) holders, Binance Coin (BNB) investors are dissuaded from buying more BNB tokens because of their current price. To prospective Binance Coin (BNB) investors, $354 for one BNB token is pretty steep. Binance Coin (BNB) holders share the same feelings.
What DeeStream (DST) offers to big investors in the crypto market is unique and extensive. Its decentralized blockchain model and its revenue-sharing financial model are benefits that no other crypto asset provides.
Big Ethereum (ETH), Cardano (ADA), and Binance Coin (BNB) investors are rushing to invest in DeeStream (DST) not just because of its profitability. These investors know they’re bound to gain huge profits. But, it’s DeeStream’s (DST) prospect as an innovative merging of technologies that propels them to invest.
The Whales of the crypto market will keep swimming towards DeeStream (DST). It won’t stop dominating the trends just yet.
Find out more about the DeeStream presale by visiting the website here
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Cardano DeeStream Ethereum 
15 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/trending-deestream-dst-takes-investment-from-3-whales-in-24-hours-as-ethereum-eth-cardano-ada-binance-coin-bnb-investors-buy-in-big/
New Cryptocurrencies for 2024 – Forbes Advisor INDIA	Forbes	1 week ago	"After a decade of explosive growth, cryptocurrency has truly gone mainstream. Know the top coins and the process behind launching a new..."		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/in/investing/cryptocurrency/new-cryptocurrencies/
What Is Cryptocurrency And How Does It Work?	Forbes	14-Jun-23	"Cryptocurrencies (which are completely digital) are generated through a process called “mining”. This is a complex process. Basically, miners..."		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/in/investing/cryptocurrency/what-is-cryptocurrency-and-how-does-it-work/
Honduras Issues Cryptocurrency Trading Ban Citing Fraud and Money Laundering Risks	BlockchainReporter	21 hours ago	"Honduras bans cryptocurrency trading in its financial system, citing risks like fraud and money laundering, with immediate effect."		https://blockchainreporter.net/honduras-issues-cryptocurrency-trading-ban-citing-fraud-and-money-laundering-risks/
FinCEN Finds Increased Cryptocurrency Involvement in Human Trafficking – Legal Bitcoin News	Bitcoin.com News	2 days ago	FinCEN released an analysis that reports an increase in the use of cryptocurrency in online human trafficking cases.		https://news.bitcoin.com/fincen-finds-increased-cryptocurrency-involvement-in-online-child-sexual-exploitation-and-human-trafficking/
Rebel Satoshi (RBLZ) Presale Attracts More Funds Amid Market Gains On Binance Coin (BNB) and Polygon (MATIC)	Analytics Insight	8 hours ago	"Top altcoins like BNB (BNB) and Polygon (MATIC) have made considerable gains meanwhile, Rebel Satoshi ($RBLZ), has jumped 140%."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Rebel Satoshi (RBLZ) Presale Attracts More Funds Amid Market Gains On Binance Coin (BNB) and Polygon (MATIC)





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













TLDR


BNB climbed 10% in a week, and experts believe the upside will continue in February.


Polygon gains 10% in a week, but experts expect it to start bleeding soon.


Rebel Satoshi continues making moon shots as the end of its presale inches closer.


As bulls dominate the crypto space, top altcoins like BNB (BNB) and Polygon (MATIC) have made considerable gains. Consequently, investors have begun weighing options as to which of these two cryptos to buy. Meanwhile, Rebel Satoshi ($RBLZ), an emerging meme coin, has jumped 140% thus far during its ongoing public presale.
Which is the best investment option between BNB, Polygon, and Rebel Satoshi? Let’s find out!
BNB Surges 10% in a Week: Will the Upside Continue?
BNB has performed commendably over the past seven days. On February 7, BNB was changing hands at around $303.01. BNB gained traction the same day after BNB Chain announced that project submissions for the BNB Chain Hackathon 2024 would commence on February 8. 
The BNB Chain Hackathon 2024 features a prize pool of $130,000. As a result, innovators rushed to submit their projects, pushing BNB’s price higher. This upward momentum saw BNB trade as high as $334.06 on February 14 before stabilizing at around $333.45. This price means BNB has gained 10.44% in a week.
Moreover, experts believe BNB will continue pumping to close the month at $420.96. This forecast makes BNB a top crypto to buy. Experts peg this prediction on BNB getting more adoption as innovators continue submitting projects for the BNB Chain Hackathon 2024 event. 
Polygon Climbs 10% in a Week: Will Bulls Charge Further?
Polygon has performed impressively over the past seven days. On February 7, MATIC was changing hands at around $0.7977. MATIC began climbing the same day after B² Network integrated with Polygon CDK to build secure and functional Bitcoin rollups. Moreover, the Etrog upgrade went live on the Polygon mainnet on February 13.
The combination of this news saw MATIC surge as high as $0.8898 on February 14 before experiencing a slight retracement and stabilizing at around $0.8847. Despite the correction, this price means MATIC has gained 10.91% in a week. Naturally, this attractive performance has caught investor attention, but is MATIC a good crypto to buy now?
According to experts, bears will take over, forcing MATIC to plunge to $0.8743 by the end of February. Experts peg this forecast on MATIC losing investor interest after a wallet associated with Polygon transferred 9 million MATIC to Binance on February 14. 

Rebel Satoshi Continues Pumping As Recusants Round 5 Approaches End!
Rebel Satoshi, an upcoming meme that seeks to start a revolution that will rid the crypto industry of centralization, has been the talk of the crypto-verse since the start of its public presale. Investors and experts are buzzing about Rebel Satoshi’s potential to become a top crypto after securing about $1.8 million in funding thus far.
Additionally, Rebel Satoshi has captivated crypto investors because of its plan to engage its community in building its ecosystem. Specifically, Rebel Satoshi intends to build an ecosystem with a P2E game, a stake-to-earn feature, and an NFT marketplace. To access these features, investors will require $RBLZ, Rebel Satoshi’s native token.
By February, Rebel Satoshi had entered Recusants Round 5 of its presale. The price of the $RBLZ token was $0.024 during this round. It is worth pointing out that Recusants Round 5 investors will realize a 4.17% ROI when $RBLZ reaches its listing price of $0.025 on February 29. 
Thus far, $RBLZ has surged 140% from the Early Bird Round price of $0.010. When $RBLZ hits $0.025, Early Bird Round investors will see the value of their $RBLZ holdings swell by 150%. Interestingly, experts believe $RBLZ will generate massive post-presale returns after getting listed on top DEXs. This forecast makes $RBLZ the best cryptocurrency to buy now!
For the latest updates and more information, be sure to visit the official Rebel Satoshi Presale Website or contact Rebel Red via Telegram
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Binance Coin Polygon Rebel Satoshi 
11 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/rebel-satoshi-rblz-presale-attracts-more-funds-amid-market-gains-on-binance-coin-bnb-and-polygon-matic/
Government Assets' Waning Popularity Likely to Trigger Crypto Market Bull Run	CoinGape	1 day ago	"Government assets may experience short-term weakness and decline, which would likely cause the crypto markets to rise."		https://coingape.com/government-assets-waning-popularity-likely-to-trigger-crypto-market-bull-run/
"Meme Coin Price Predictions - Pepe Coin, Floki Inu and Doge Uprising"	Analytics Insight	8 hours ago	"The cryptocurrency space is buzzing with the advent of meme coins, offering not just humor but significant investment potential."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Meme Coin Price Predictions – Pepe Coin, Floki Inu and Doge Uprising





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













Use bonus code NEWSTAGE to get 15% extra $DUP tokens
The cryptocurrency space is buzzing with the advent of meme coins, offering not just humor but significant investment potential. Among these, Pepe Coin, Floki Inu, and Doge Uprising stand out. Each carries its unique charm and promise, but it’s the latter that’s stirring a revolution in the crypto universe. Let’s delve into what makes these digital assets tick, and why Doge Uprising might just be the golden ticket for savvy investors seeking the next big thing.
Pepe Coin: The Internet’s Favorite Meme 
Pepe Coin, inspired by the iconic internet meme, is more than just a digital currency. It’s a cultural artifact in the crypto world, designed to bring laughter and a sense of community. With its robust platform, Pepe Coin facilitates not just transactions but a shared space for meme enthusiasts. Despite its light-hearted nature, the coin has seen considerable adoption, showcasing the power of community in driving a cryptocurrency’s success.
Floki Inu: A Tribute to Meme Culture
Named after Elon Musk’s dog, Floki Inu embodies the spirit of meme culture intertwined with crypto innovation. This coin leverages social media trends to build its ecosystem, offering various decentralized finance (DeFi) services. Its marketing campaigns are clever, tapping into the vast network of meme lovers and crypto investors alike. Floki Inu represents how a meme can transcend humor to create tangible value in the digital economy.
Doge Uprising: The Future of Meme Coins
Doge Uprising is more than a mere participant in the meme coin frenzy; it’s a harbinger of change. With its narrative set in a dystopian 2045, it offers an engaging story where users, empowered by $DUP tokens, rise against the tyranny of a digital overlord. The project’s strength lies in its immersive universe, allowing for the collection and trade of unique Doge Mecha NFTs, providing both utility and a sense of belonging to its community members.
Doge Uprising’s use of ERC-20 blockchain technology ensures broad compatibility and fosters a strong, decentralized community. The project stands out with its clear roadmap, from inception to global expansion, emphasizing community engagement through AMAs, airdrops, and competitions. With a fixed supply of 450 million tokens, the $DUP token is poised for significant value appreciation as the platform evolves.

Why Doge Uprising Holds the Edge
Pepe Coin and Floki Inu have carved their niches, driven by community and culture. However, Doge Uprising transcends the traditional meme coin paradigm, offering a compelling narrative combined with tangible utility through its NFTs and community-driven initiatives. Its innovative approach to using blockchain technology not only provides entertainment but also a platform for genuine engagement and investment growth.
Doge Uprising’s strategic focus on immersive content, community engagement, and a clearly defined roadmap positions it as a frontrunner in the meme coin uprising. For investors looking for more than just speculative assets, Doge Uprising offers a unique blend of storytelling, technology, and community, making it an attractive investment proposition.
Offering a mix of fun, community, and investment potential, Doge Uprising stands out for those seeking to diversify their portfolio with digital assets that promise more than just returns. Discover the future of meme coins and consider investing in Doge Uprising’s presale for a chance to be part of this exciting journey. If you invest today make sure to use the bonus code NEWSTAGE to secure and extra 15% in tokens!
For more information on Doge Uprising ($DUP):
Visit The Website
Join The Telegram
Follow On Twitter
Join The Discord Community
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Doge Uprising Floki Inu Pepe coin 
5 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/meme-coin-price-predictions-pepe-coin-floki-inu-and-doge-uprising/
What Are Crypto Exchanges And How Do They Work	Forbes	1 month ago	"Here's a detailed guide on cryptocurrency exchanges, how they function, their types, pros and cons and red flags to watch out for a..."		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/in/investing/cryptocurrency/what-is-a-crypto-exchange/
Cryptocurrency exchange Binance to exit Russia	Financial Times	27-Sep-23	"Cryptocurrency exchange Binance to exit Russia ... Roula Khalaf, Editor of the FT, selects her favourite stories in this weekly newsletter."		https://www.ft.com/content/003180ec-01a5-4585-b1f3-44320fc89ddf
2024 Crypto Crime Trends from Chainalysis	Chainalysis	1 month ago	"Get the latest on key 2024 trends in cryptocurrency-based crime, including ransomware, crypto scamming, sanctions, and more."		https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/2024-crypto-crime-report-introduction/
"Cryptocurrency Scams: How To Spot, Report, and Avoid Them"	Investopedia	21-Oct-23	Scammers will take as much time as they need to gain the trust of a potential victim. Then they may eventually ask the individual to reveal...	"Trending Videos









Cryptocurrency scams take many forms. Just as financial criminals will try to steal money from your bank account or put fraudulent charges on your credit card, crypto scammers will do anything to take your crypto. To protect your crypto assets, it helps to know when and how you’re being targeted and what you can do if you suspect that a cryptocurrency or any communications related to it are a scam.





Key Takeaways


Crypto scams often aim to gain private information, such as security codes, or to trick a person into sending cryptocurrency to a digital wallet that may be compromised.
Examples of scams are giveaways, hustles involving new romance, phishing, extortion emails, fake company alerts, blackmail, ""rug pulls,"" and may involve fake mining apps or networks.
Signs of crypto scams include poorly written white papers, excessive marketing pushes, and get-rich-quick claims.
Federal regulatory agencies, such as the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), and your crypto exchange are the best places to contact if you suspect you’ve been the victim of a scam.
Always do your research to ensure the crypto software wallet or crypto exchange or app is trustworthy before signing up for it.



   Types of Cryptocurrency Scams  

Generally speaking, cryptocurrency scams fall into two categories:



Initiatives aiming to obtain access to a target’s digital wallet or authentication credentials. This means scammers try to get information that gives them access to a digital wallet or other types of private information, such as security codes. In some cases, it can include access to physical hardware, such as a computer or smartphone.
Schemes that involve transferring your cryptocurrency directly to a scammer, prompted by impersonation, fraudulent investment or business opportunities, or other malicious means, are popular scams.


  Social Engineering Fraud  

For social engineering scams, the perpetrators use psychological manipulation and deceit to gain control of vital information relating to user accounts. Successful scammers condition people to think they are dealing with a trusted entity, such as a government agency, a well-known business, tech support, a community member, a work colleague, or a friend.



Scammers will take as much time as they need to gain the trust of a potential victim. Then they may eventually ask the individual to reveal private keys or send money to their digital wallet. When one of these “trusted” entities demands cryptocurrency for any reason, it is a sign of something amiss—a scam.


  Frauds Promising Romance  

Scammers often use dating websites to make unsuspecting individuals believe they are in a real relationship, whether a new or long-term one. Once the individual trusts the scammer, conversations often shift to supposedly lucrative cryptocurrency opportunities and the eventual transfer of either coins or account-authentication credentials.



The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) found that in 2022, nearly 20% of the money reported lost in romance scams was in cryptocurrency. Fraud schemes, in general, promising romance rank No. 1 among all money scams, according to the FTC, with the median amount swindled being $4,400 and the total reaching $1.3 billion.


  Imposter and Giveaway Scams  

Moving down the sphere of influence, scammers also try to pose as celebrities, businesspeople, or cryptocurrency influencers. To capture the attention of potential targets, many scammers promise to match or multiply the cryptocurrency sent to them in what is known as a ""giveaway scam.""



Well-crafted messaging from what often looks like an existing social media account often can create and spark a sense of validity and urgency. This mythical “once-in-a-lifetime” opportunity can lead people to transfer funds quickly in hopes of receiving an instant return. Impersonators claiming to be from the cryptocurrency exchange's support or security teams also contact crypto owners to trick them out of funds.


  Phishing  

Within the cryptocurrency industry, phishing scams target information about some of the best crypto software wallets. Specifically, scammers need a crypto wallet's private keys—a string of letters and numbers that act like a password and are required to access cryptocurrency.






Phishing scams are among the most common attacks on consumers. According to the FBI, more than 300,000 people fell victim to phishing scams in 2022. Collectively, those people turned over $52 million to scammers.



Their method follows the playbook of many standard scams: They send an email with links that lead holders to a specially created website and ask them to enter private keys. Once the hackers have this information, they steal the victim's cryptocurrency.


  Blackmail and Extortion Schemes  

Blackmail is another popular social engineering method scammers use. Blackmailers make the claim to potential victims that they have a record of adult websites or other illicit web pages the user frequents. The blackmailers then threaten to expose the individuals unless they share with them their private keys or cryptocurrency. Such cases represent a criminal extortion attempt and should be reported to an enforcement agency, such as the FBI.


  Fraud Involving Investment or Business Opportunities  

The adage “if something sounds too good to be true, then it probably is” is one to keep in mind for anyone venturing into investing in general. It is especially true for cryptocurrencies. Countless profit-seeking speculators turn to misleading websites offering ""guaranteed returns"" or other setups for which investors must invest large sums of money for even larger guaranteed returns. Unfortunately, these bogus guarantees often lead to financial disaster when individuals find that they can’t get their money back.


  New Crypto-Based Opportunities: ICOs and NFTs  

Crypto-based investments, such as initial coin offerings (ICOs) and non-fungible tokens (NFTs), provide even more avenues for scammers to access your money. Remember that although the crypto-based investments or business opportunities may sound lucrative, it doesn’t always reflect reality.



For example, some scammers create fake websites for ICOs and instruct users to deposit cryptocurrency into a compromised digital wallet. In other instances, the ICO itself may be at fault. Founders could distribute tokens, which are unregulated, or mislead investors about their products through false advertising.


  Rug Pulls  

A so-called rug pull occurs when project members raise capital or crypto to fund a project and then suddenly remove all the liquidity—and they themselves disappear and become unreachable. Scammers abandon the project, and investors lose all they have contributed.


  Cloud Mining  

Platforms will market to retail buyers and investors to get them to contribute upfront capital to secure an ongoing stream of mining power and rewards. These platforms don't own the hash rate they claim to, and don't deliver the rewards after receiving your down payment. While cloud mining isn't necessarily a scam, to keep you money, you must conduct rigorous due diligence on the platform before investing.


   How To Spot Cryptocurrency Scams  

Cryptocurrency scams are easy to spot when you know what to look for. Legitimate cryptocurrencies have readily available disclosure, with detailed information about the blockchain and associated tokens.


  Read the White Paper  

Cryptocurrencies go through a development process. Before this process, there is generally a document published, called a white paper, for the public to read. If it's a legitimate white paper, it clearly describes the protocols and blockchain, outlines the formulas, and explains how the entire network functions. Fake cryptocurrencies don't produce thoroughly written and researched white papers. The fakes are poorly written, with figures that don’t add up, and they don't explain how they envision the money raised being used.






For comparison, read the white papers of well-known cryptocurrencies, such as Ethereum and Bitcoin.


  Identify Team Members  

White papers should always spotlight the members and developers behind the cryptocurrency. There are cases in which an open-source crypto project might not have named developers, which is typical for an open source. Still, you can view most coding, comments, and discussions on GitHub or GitLab. Some projects use forums and applications, like Discord, for discussion. If you can’t find any of these elements, and the white paper is rife with errors, then stand down, it's likely a scam.


  Beware of ‘Free’ Items  

Many cryptocurrency scams offer free coins or promise to “drop” coins into your wallet. Remind yourself that nothing is ever free, especially money and cryptocurrencies.


  Scrutinize the Marketing  

Owning cryptocurrencies is generally not a money-making endeavor. They are projects with a stated purpose and have coins or tokens designed to be used to promote the blockchain function. Valid crypto projects won’t be posting on social media or pumping themselves up as the next best crypto.






Most valid cryptocurrency developers do not market the project's coin. Instead, they post documentation that outlines the cryptocurrency’s purpose. If it appears to lack a purpose, it's likely (but not always) a scam. It might be a cryptocurrency just to be a cryptocurrency, similar to Dogecoin, which has no official purpose.



You might see cryptocurrency updates about blockchain developments or new security measures taken, but you should be wary of updates like “millions raised” or communications that appear to be more about money than about advances in the technology behind the crypto.



Legitimate businesses exist that use blockchain technology to provide services. They might have tokens used within their blockchains to pay transaction fees, but the advertising and marketing should appear professional-looking. Scammers also spend on celebrity endorsements and appearances and have all the information readily available on their websites. Legitimate businesses won't ask everyone to buy their crypto; they will advertise their blockchain-based services.


   How To Avoid Scams  

There are several actions to take to steer clear of being scammed. If you notice any of the signs, don't click on the links, dial a phone number, contact them, or send them money. Also:



Ignore requests to give out your private cryptocurrency keys. Those keys control your crypto and wallet access, and no one needs them for a legitimate cryptocurrency transaction.Shun enterprises that promise you’ll make lots of money.Don't engage with investment managers who contact you and say they can grow your money quickly.Be wary of ""celebrities"" contacting you. A real celebrity won't reach out to you about buying cryptocurrency.Meet in person any romantic interests you connected with on an online dating website or app. Don't give them money.Ignore text messages and emails from well-known or new companies, saying your account is frozen or that they are worried about it and can help you ""unfreeze"" it.Contact a regulatory agency if you receive an email, text, or social media message claiming to be from a government, law enforcement agency, or utility company, stating that your accounts or assets are frozen. Don't answer the initial correspondence through their means of communication. Instead get details on how to connect from an agency's official website.Ignore job listings for cash-to-crypto converter or crypto miner openings.Scrutinize claims about explicit material a scammer may say they have about you that they threaten to post unless you send cryptocurrency. This is blackmail. Report it.Don’t accept “free” money or crypto.


   How To Report Scams  

Several organizations can help you if you’re a victim of a cryptocurrency scam or suspect one. Use their online complaint forms to seek help:



FTC fraud report
Commodity Futures Trading Commission complaints and tips
Securities and Exchange Commission fraud reporting
FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center complaint



You also can directly contact the crypto exchange that you use. Find out if they offer fraud prevention or have other measures in place to protect your crypto assets and money.




What Are Common Cryptocurrency Scams?
They include so-called rug pulls, promises of romance, phishing, and investment schemes.




Can You Get Scammed If Someone Sends You Crypto?
Yes. Never accept transactions from any person or organization you're unfamiliar with. The only way someone can steal your crypto is if you give it to them in a scam that could include your giving them access to your private keys, or their hacking your digital wallet and stealing your keys.




How Do You Avoid Getting Scammed When Dealing With Crypto?
The best way is to stay up-to-date on scammers’ techniques and to remain alert. Know the signs of the scams, and secure your keys offline, outside your wallet, in cold storage. Also known as a cold wallet, this type of digital wallet is stored on a platform not connected to the internet, thereby protecting it from unauthorized access, cyber hacks, and other vulnerabilities that a system connected to the internet is susceptible to.


   The Bottom Line  

For many people, the mad rush into cryptocurrencies has evoked a sense of the Wild West, when limitless possibilities for enriching themselves was possible. Yet, anyone who's studied the Wild West era knows that many speculators lost it all while trying to get rich.



As the crypto ecosystem gains scale and complexity, it will undoubtedly remain a focal point for scammers. Crypto scams generally fall into two categories: socially engineered initiatives to obtain account or security information, and efforts to persuade a target to send cryptocurrency to a compromised digital wallet. By understanding the common ways that scammers try to steal your information (and ultimately your money), you can know how to spot a crypto-related scam early and prevent it from happening to you.



Investing in cryptocurrencies and other initial coin offerings (ICOs) is highly risky and speculative, and this article is not a recommendation by Investopedia or the writer to invest in cryptocurrencies or other ICOs. Because each individual’s situation is unique, a qualified professional should always be consulted before making any financial decisions. Investopedia makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or timeliness of the information contained herein."	https://www.investopedia.com/articles/forex/042315/beware-these-five-bitcoin-scams.asp
San Diego man loses tens of thousands of dollars in cryptocurrency scam	10News.com	4 days ago	What started as a phone call ended with a North County man's life turned upside down. He lost his life savings in a scam.		https://www.10news.com/homepage-showcase/san-diego-man-loses-tens-of-thousands-in-cryptocurrency-scam
Bitcoin market cap skyrockets to $1 trillion after more than two years	Hindustan Times	4 days ago	"Sector-specific factors have been supporting Bitcoin, including the debut of US exchange-traded funds dedicated to the token."		https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/us-news/bitcoin-market-cap-skyrockets-to-1-trillion-after-more-than-two-years-101707917591727.html
Uniswap (UNI) And Internet Computer (ICP) Trade Slow While Investors Expect Promising Returns On Rebel Satoshi ...	Analytics Insight	48 mins ago	"Despite recent gains recorded in the wider crypto market, Uniswap and Internet Computer are yet to recover from their losses from 2023."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Uniswap (UNI) And Internet Computer (ICP) Trade Slow While Investors Expect Promising Returns On Rebel Satoshi (RBLZ) Presale





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













TLDR


Rebel Satoshi ($RBLZ) has emerged as a leading investment option because of its 124% surge in its ongoing presale.


Analysts predict that Uniswap (UNI) will rise to $8.114 in the coming weeks.


The launch of new Internet Computer (ICP) hubs may see Internet Computer hit $15.11 soon.


Despite recent gains recorded in the wider crypto market, Uniswap and Internet Computer are yet to recover from their losses from 2023. However, Rebel Satoshi has impressed the cryptocurrency community by increasing by 124%, with indications that further gains are likely soon. Why is Rebel Satoshi surpassing top altcoins like ICP and UNI? Let’s find out!
Uniswap Price Prediction: Analysts Foresee A Rise For UNI
According to a tweet on their X page on February 5, the Uniswap protocol has processed over $1.8 billion in total swap volume. This announcement caused some excitement in Uniswap’s ecosystem, and UNI has experienced a significant uptick. On February 5, the value of UNI was $5.99, but it surged to $6.69 on February 13, signaling an 11.51% rise in the value of UNI. 
Regarding price predictions, some analysts have a bullish outlook for Uniswap because of the market’s positive trajectory. As such, they expect UNI to hit $9.114 before the end of March.
On the flip side, some experts foresee a downtrend for Uniswap due to recent signals from technical indicators like the Ichimoku Cloud. Thus, they expect UNI to dip to $6.147 before mid-March.

Internet Computer Price Prediction: Growing ICP Community May Engineer A Positive Trend
On February 12, Internet Computer announced that four new ICP hubs had been launched in the UK, USA, Brazil, and Vietnam. Since this announcement, the value of ICP has dropped. On February 12, ICP traded at $13.29, but it dropped to $12.92 on January 13, signaling a 2.78% dip in ICP’s value.
Regarding price projections, some analysts have a positive outlook for Internet Computer because of its growing popularity. As such, they predict that ICP will surge to $19.11 by mid-March.
Conversely, some experts have a bearish forecast for Internet Computer because of its sluggish price movement in recent months. Hence, they predict that ICP will dip to $11.87 in the next two weeks. 
As Its Blockchain ICO Draws To A Close, Rebel Satoshi Promises More Returns!
After raising close to $1.8 million during its presale, Rebel Satoshi has strengthened its enthusiasts’ belief in it and converted critics into believers. Rebel Satoshi is an emerging meme coin project that aims to advance decentralization within the cryptocurrency industry. The project’s attraction comes from its intention to unite the silent majority and create a community hostile to financial centralization.
The Rebel Satoshi ecosystem is powered by its $RBLZ token. Because of its usefulness within the Rebel Satoshi ecosystem, investors are buying more and more $RBLZ. Furthermore, because of its tokenomics structure, investors believe that $RBLZ is the best cryptocurrency to invest in. This token structure aims to fight inflation, featuring a deflationary mechanism with a maximum supply of 250 million $RBLZ tokens.
Rebel Satoshi entered Recusants Round 5 of the presale in February, causing the price of $RBLZ to rise to $0.024. From its initial price of $0.010 during the Early Bird Round, $RBLZ has achieved a 124% return on investment by reaching $0.024. Notably, when $RBLZ rises to its listing price of $0.025, this ROI will grow to 150%.
Furthermore, when Rebel Satoshi concludes its presale on February 29 and $RBLZ is listed on DEXs, all investors in the cryptocurrency stand to gain greater gains.
For the latest updates and more information, be sure to visit the official Rebel Satoshi Presale Website or contact Rebel Red via Telegram
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Internet Computer Rebel Satoshi Uniswap 
2 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/uniswap-uni-and-internet-computer-icp-trade-slow-while-investors-expect-promising-returns-on-rebel-satoshi-rblz-presale/
Bitcoin Price Prediction 2024 – Forbes Advisor UK	Forbes	5 days ago	"Bitcoin has come a long way since its first recorded price of less than a cent. As of December 20, 2023, one Bitcoin was worth roughly..."		https://www.forbes.com/uk/advisor/investing/cryptocurrency/bitcoin-price-prediction-2024/
"Cryptocurrency Dogecoin (DOGE): What It Is, History, and Uses"	Investopedia	5-Dec-23	"What Is Dogecoin (DOGE)?. Dogecoin (DOGE) is a peer-to-peer, open-source cryptocurrency. It is considered an altcoin and was launched in..."	"Trending Videos








   What Is Dogecoin (DOGE)?  

Dogecoin (DOGE) is a peer-to-peer, open-source cryptocurrency. It is considered an altcoin and was launched in December 2013 with the image of a Shiba Inu dog as its logo. Dogecoin's blockchain has merit with its underlying technology derived from Litecoin. Notable features of Dogecoin—which uses the Scrypt algorithm (pronounced ess-crypt)—are its low price and unlimited supply.





Key Takeaways

Dogecoin is an open-source cryptocurrency established in 2013 by Jackson Palmer and Billy Markus.Dogecoin features a Shiba Inu, a Japanese dog breed, as its logo.It is based on Litecoin and uses the same proof-of-work technology.Dogecoin has a loyal community of supporters who trade it and use it as a tipping currency for social media content.


   History of Dogecoin  

Jackson Palmer, a product manager at the Sydney, Australia, office of Adobe Inc., created Dogecoin with Billy Markus, a software developer at IBM. The intent behind the cryptocurrency was to be a way to satirize the hype surrounding cryptocurrencies.


  2013–2014  

Palmer and Markus launched the coin on Dec. 6, 2013. By Dec. 19, the value of Dogecoin jumped 300%, bolstered by China's policy to forbid its banks from investing in cryptocurrency. Markus and Palmer based Dogecoin's code on Luckycoin, derived from Litecoin (a Bitcoin fork). Initially, they used a randomized block mining reward, but that was changed to a static reward in March 2014. Dogecoin uses Litecoin's Scrypt technology and uses proof-of-work (PoW) on its blockchain.


  2015–2023  

In the summer of 2019, Dogecoin enthusiasts celebrated when the crypto exchange Binance listed the coin. As of December 2023, Dogecoin's market capitalization was nearly $13.1 billion. Dogecoin's infrastructure is slowly gaining traction with fans and developers and continues to operate and trade due to its active community of miners.






Dogecoin surpassed a $1 billion market capitalization for the first time in the crypto bull run of 2017 to 2018.


   Concerns About Dogecoin  

Dogecoin, with beginnings as a memecoin and no blockchain utility other than existing, has an established following who argue—with a fair amount of validity—that their crypto does indeed have utility based on how it has been used. Blockchain and cryptocurrency use cases are often associated with longevity and value, so there are those who claim that the cryptocurrency has no utility. These concerns likely have some influence on Dogecoin's market price.



However, the community and active developers argue otherwise. Some of their claims for proof of utility are:



It is used as money, based on a history of tipping and donations for charities and humanitarian initiatives.Many online retailers accept it as payment.It stores value.Development continues.



There doesn't appear to be any other Dogecoin uses as of (December 2023) besides blockchain fees, which are very low compared to Bitcoin's and Ethereum's.



But to be fair, Bitcoin didn't have much utility initially, either. It was a payment method, just like Dogecoin. Bitcoin's blockchain has been improved, and layers have been built that give it more uses, but the same can be said of Dogecoin. So, if Bitcoin has utility, it stands to reason that Dogecoin also does.


   Dogecoin vs. Bitcoin  

Dogecoin marketed itself as a ""fun"" version of Bitcoin with a Shibu Inu dog as its logo. Dogecoin's casual presentation suited the mood of the burgeoning crypto community. Its Scrypt algorithm and unlimited supply were an argument for a faster, more adaptable, and more consumer-friendly version of Bitcoin.



Dogecoin is considered an ""inflationary coin,"" while cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin are deflationary because there's a ceiling on the number of coins that will be created. Every four years, the amount of Bitcoin released into circulation via mining rewards is halved, and its inflation rate is halved along with it until all coins are released.




Where Is Dogecoin Traded?
You can purchase Dogecoin (DOGE) by establishing an account with one of many cryptocurrency exchanges including Coinbase, Binance, and Kraken. Robinhood, a traditional brokerage that enables crypto trades, also supports Dogecoin.




What Is Dogecoin Used for?
You can spend your Dogecoin with any merchant that chooses to accept it. Many different types of businesses accept DOGE including Elon Musk's SpaceX and the Dallas Mavericks. Many Dogecoin holders use their DOGE to tip content creators on Reddit and other social media platforms.




What Will Dogecoin Be Worth in 2025?
The future market prices are difficult for anyone to predict. It depends on market conditions, cryptocurrency developments, and investor and user sentiments.


   The Bottom Line  

Dogecoin (DOGE) is a peer-to-peer, open-source cryptocurrency established in 2013. Originally created as somewhat of a joke about cryptocurrency, the token became fairly popular with cryptocurrency fans. The community and developer humor included in the project adds to its appeal and is probably what has made it last longer than many other cryptocurrencies."	https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/dogecoin.asp
Nigeria urged to regulate cryptocurrency to tackle financial crimes	Cointelegraph	6 days ago	Adedeji Owonibi highlighted that the lack of regulations in Nigeria's crypto space permits various practices to go unmonitored.		https://cointelegraph.com/news/nigeria-urged-to-regulate-cryptocurrency-to-tackle-financial-crimes
"Bitcoin rallies above $51,000 as a significant amount of short positions get liquidated"	The Block	4 days ago	"Over $130 million in cryptocurrency short positions were liquidated in the past 24 hours on centralized cryptocurrency exchanges,..."		https://www.theblock.co/post/277422/bitcoin-51k-short-liquidations-130m
Cryptocurrency Insurance Could Be a Big Industry in the Future	Investopedia	24-Dec-23	What Is Crypto Insurance? Cryptocurrency insurance offers investors and exchanges limited reimbursement of funds lost due to theft. ... Cold...	"Trending Videos









Because they are common targets for hackers and thieves, businesses that hold cryptocurrency on behalf of their customers need insurance that covers customers' losses due to theft and system or hardware failures. This need provides a market opportunity for insurers, provided that they can mitigate the risks.





Key Takeaways

Cryptocurrency insurance could become a “big opportunity” for insurance providers due to the fact that cryptocurrency resides on hardware and software that can fail or be exploited.Cryptocurrency insurance becomes essential, considering that some are very valuable, and many cryptocurrency ecosystems have weaknesses.Regulatory uncertainty and lack of oversight at cryptocurrency exchanges can further complicate matters for insurers interested in providing services to the industry.


   Understanding Cryptocurrency Insurance  

In the years immediately after Bitcoin launched, most traders relied on themselves for security and took personal responsibility for protecting their cryptocurrencies and securing their private keys. The owner had to absorb the losses if they had their keys stolen.



Self-custody became less practical as the market grew, especially for complex companies with many employees. Large exchanges have experienced major thefts, and customers have lost millions of dollars worth of cryptocurrencies. Not all cryptocurrency thefts have been from exchanges, but the vast majority are because it is a place where crypto keys are centrally located.


  Responsibility Is a Key Factor of Need  

Many crypto exchanges accept responsibility for and store customers' keys. There are also more cryptocurrency investment products being invented, with brokers wanting to hold and securitize cryptocurrency.



All of this centralized holding and interest creates a responsibility for all parties involved to store cryptocurrency safely. Storing crypto is costly and risky, so businesses turn to companies that specialize in storage to store it for them. Here is where issues present themselves—for example, say you store your cryptocurrency at an exchange.



The exchange requires people to maintain its data storage equipment and security. If they don't have the hardware or employ people to do it, they contract another company to store the cryptocurrency keys—which then employs people to maintain and secure the data storage hardware and software. Cyber and physical security is likely provided by contracted security firms, involving more people, connections, software, and hardware.



Vulnerabilities, and thus opportunities for thieves, grow the more entities that are involved. The amount of wealth being stored is a huge responsibility, and insurance is the only way to ensure that the assets the original customers placed in custody can be replaced if something happens.


  Awareness Is Growing  

Billions of dollars worth of cryptocurrencies continue to be stolen as businesses in the space have struggled to protect their customers' assets. Slowly but surely, insurance providers have begun to notice the growing necessity (and opportunity) for policies to cover virtual and digital asset theft and loss.


   Examples of Cryptocurrency Insurance  

Several companies provide insurance services for companies that deal with cryptocurrencies. Some insurers may insist that their clients adopt certain security protocols to reduce their risk exposure, while others insist that insured funds be deposited with a reliable custodian. Many exchanges and businesses use the services of insurance providers to cover their customer's assets.



The following are some examples of coverages businesses in the cryptocurrency industry provide:



BitGo: Bitgo is a digital asset provider for exchanges and retail cryptocurrency companies. Its policy covers up to $250 million for assets in its custody. Notably, the policy only covers situations where BitGo has sole control over the client's cryptocurrencies. BitGo uses Lloyd's as its insurance underwriter.Coinbase: One of the most popular crypto retail brokers, Coinbase has a $255 million policy for covering coins stored in hot wallets. However, this policy does not cover thefts due to unauthorized access to the client's accounts, lost passwords, or third-party wallet hacks.Bakkt: A crypto custody firm serving institutional investors, Bakkt provides up to $125 million of insurance coverage for assets under its control.Coincover: Providing commercial liability insurance against thefts from cold and hot wallets, Coincover's policies are underwritten by a panel of Lloyd's insurers, with limits that change according to market prices.


   Special Considerations  

Many startups and companies operating within the cryptocurrency industry typically opt for cyber and crime insurance, which generally covers thefts. Hacks are also included in cyber insurance policies and some crime coverage.



One of the most important factors behind these policies is that they only cover assets that are held in custody or if the company holding them is at fault. For example, if a software or hardware failure or weak point in their cyber security lets hackers through, your crypto is likely covered. But if you lose your keys, your losses are likely not covered.




What Kind of Insurance Covers Crypto Mining Equipment?
Large-scale bitcoin miners should purchase commercial property protection for their equipment, which can be expensive due to the risks associated with mining. Many bitcoin miners use heavily modified equipment and run their operations 24/7, elevating the risk of fire or electrical damage. In addition, large operations should also have robust liability policies to protect them if a large fire damages their buildings and any neighboring property.




What Kind of Insurance Covers Cryptocurrencies?
The most common type of insurance for crypto companies is commercial crime insurance, which protects against the theft of cryptocurrencies. In some cases, this may extend to theft by employees of the insured company. Note that this coverage does not protect against fluctuations in cryptocurrency market prices or cover cryptocurrency keys stolen from personal wallets, devices, software, or other storage methods.




How Much Does Crypto Insurance Cost?
Cryptocurrency insurance generally comes as part of a commercial cyber or crime insurance policy. Premiums depend on the size and type of the crypto business, the policy coverage selected, and the area in which the company operates.


   The Bottom Line  

Insurance coverage for cryptocurrency is usually part of commercial cyber or crime insurance, which is only available to enterprises. In some cases, crypto-related companies might set aside funds to cover customer losses from theft. This type of insurance has become necessary as cryptocurrency-related businesses and exchanges hold large amounts of cryptocurrency keys in custodial wallets. These entities are targeted by more than retail users due to the enormous wealth they hold via crypto keys being held for customers.



Retail users are not yet covered by any policies unless they store their crypto keys on an exchange or in a business specializing in crypto key storage. Even then, they are only covered if the business is hacked and coins are stolen or if the loss is the company's fault.



The comments, opinions, and analyses expressed on Investopedia are for informational purposes only. Read our warranty and liability disclaimer for more info. As of the date this article was written, the author owns BTC and LTC."	https://www.investopedia.com/news/cryptocurrency-insurance-could-be-big-industry-future/
2024 Crypto Money Laundering Report	Chainalysis	3 days ago	"Learn about crypto money laundering in 2023, key trends, and how money laundering tactics are changing in our preview of the 2024 Crypto..."		https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/2024-crypto-money-laundering/
"Algotech Presale Deemed As Best Presale for 2024, Avalanche and Chainlink Investors Rush In"	Analytics Insight	8 hours ago	"The article explains why Algotech is deemed as the best presale for 2024, and how it attracts investors from Avalanche and Chainlink."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Algotech Presale Deemed As Best Presale for 2024, Avalanche and Chainlink Investors Rush In





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













NFTs, smart contracts, oracles, and blockchains have been spotlighted. Now, the buzz is around Algotech ($ALGT). Algorithmic trading solutions are now the hot shot in investors’ minds, and many investors – including investors from Avalanche and Chainlink – find themselves gravitating towards Algotech ($ALGT).
A project with a promising future and highly competitive infrastructure, let’s examine why investors are rushing to its presale.
Avalanche: Challenges Remain
Avalanche (AVAX) has built a name for itself in the blockchain space, attracting key players with its scalability and speed. However, the road has not always been smooth for the young innovation, costing the project users and investors.
No major exploit has occurred yet, but smaller security breaches like the wormhole bridge exploit have questioned investor confidence in AVAX security. Users must also pay fluctuating high gas fees to complete a transaction. Though the fee is relatively smaller than Ethereum, the fluctuations push investors to look for lower alternatives.
Avalanche has also been unable to answer investors’ questions regarding its tokenomics. Its current high reward for validators and ongoing issuance raises questions about the potential inflation of the AVAX token.
Chainlink: Facing Growing Competition 
Chainlink is undoubtedly the leading decentralized oracle network, but that throne is challenged with unforgiving fierceness. Some investors argue that centralized oracles provide lower fees, specific use cases, and easier adoption. This split has already put a question mark on investor confidence.
Chainlink has also not been exempted from security challenges. It records a Wormhole Bridge breach in February 2022, costing $325 million, and a flashbot bribery attack in April 2023, costing $34 million MEV theft. This still raises security concerns since the network vulnerability has been exploited twice.
The emergence of layer-2 oracles from solutions like Polygon Hermez and Optimism have further threatened the position of Chainlink as the go-to oracle of choice. Its possible network congestion that could largely increase gas fees makes investors consider stability, scalability, and cost-effectiveness elsewhere.
Algotech Presale: An Alluring Investment 
Not all heroes wear capes; some are encoded in 1s and 0s. Algotech aims to democratize algorithmic trading by making sophisticated algorithms available to retail investors without knowing all the technical jargon. This target audience is very large and underserved, giving Algotec ($ALGT) a shot at real change.
$ALGT’s ongoing presale allows interested investors to participate in its strategic development before it goes public and becomes crowded. The presale also allows investors to buy large quantities at a very low price, offering higher returns if the project succeeds.
The $ALGT token utilizes income and dividends to early investors spending hundreds of millions of pounds on R&D for futuristic strategies such as hedging, mean reversion, momentum trading, etc. $ALGT early investors will receive voting governance rights, own parts of the software, and receive dividends from the fund’s profits.
Everything about Algotech and its $ALGT token screams “positivity.” There’s still room for you to catch this ride.
To find out more about Algotech presale, visit their official website.
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Algotech Avalanche Chainlink 
7 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/algotech-presale-deemed-as-best-presale-for-2024-avalanche-and-chainlink-investors-rush-in/
"PM Modi at World Governments Summit: 'Will have to create global prototypes for emerging challenges like AI, cryptocurrency'"	Times of India	4 days ago	"Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the World Governments Summit in Dubai, UAE on Wednesday. The prime minister said, The way Dubai is..."		https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/toi-original/pm-modi-at-world-governments-summit-will-have-to-create-global-prototypes-for-emerging-challenges-like-ai-cryptocurrency/videoshow/107688392.cms
"Solana Price Prediction as 3rd Most Traded Cryptocurrency in the World – Can SOL Reach $1,000 in 2024?"	Cryptonews	4 hours ago	"Solana's status as the 3rd most traded cryptocurrency sets a bullish stage for Solana price predictions, eyeing a $1000 target with its $47."		https://cryptonews.com/news/solana-price-prediction-as-3rd-most-traded-cryptocurrency-in-the-world-can-sol-reach-1000-in-2024.htm
Crypto Poses Significant Tax Problems—and They Could Get Worse	International Monetary Fund	5-Jul-23	"Tax systems need updating to cope with crypto assets, whose anonymity and decentralized nature poses challenges—not least for the value..."		https://www.imf.org/en/Blogs/Articles/2023/07/05/crypto-poses-significant-tax-problems-and-they-could-get-worse
Experts Forecast a $0.01 Cryptocurrency to Outperform Solana (SOL) in the Next 2024 Bull Run	Finbold	1 day ago	"As we edge closer to the anticipated 2024 bull market, cryptocurrency experts have turned their attention to a promising contender priced at..."		https://finbold.com/experts-forecast-a-0-01-cryptocurrency-to-outperform-solana-sol-in-the-next-2024-bull-run/
Oklahoma-Based Company Building Cryptocurrency Mining Facility In Muskogee	News on 6	1 day ago	A cryptocurrency mining facility is being built in Muskogee. Leaders with Port Muskogee say it represents a $100 million investment and will...		https://www.newson6.com/story/65cffd01a91a2906563cd1a4/oklahoma-based-company-building-cryptocurrency-mining-facility-in-muskogee
"Meme Coins Not to Miss in Q1, 2024: Bonk (BONK), Pepe (PEPE) and KangaMoon (KANG)"	Analytics Insight	8 hours ago	Pepe price performance has showcased volatility in a bullish direction and surged by 40% in the past two weeks. Bonk also witnessed upswing.	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Meme Coins Not to Miss in Q1, 2024: Bonk (BONK), Pepe (PEPE) and KangaMoon (KANG)





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













Pepe (PEPE)’s price performance has showcased volatility in a bullish direction, and surged by 40% in the past two weeks. Bonk (BONK) also witnessed a significant upswing, which resulted in much higher interest within meme coins. 
The latest project to enter this space is KangaMoon (KANG), and with its rapid presale momentum, innovative feature set, and unique Social-Fi elements, it can spike by 100x at launch, making it one of the most exciting new ICOs. We will go over each meme coin to determine how far they can rise. 
Bonk (BONK) Climbs 1,600% – Price to Spike to $0.000022
Bonk (BONK) experienced a massive 1,600% upswing in its value, which fueled enthusiasm and curiosity toward the meme coin sector. Just during the past week, the Bonk price climbed from $0.00001037 to a maximum value of $0.00001444 and is now positioned toward reaching new heights. 
In the past week, the  Bonk crypto experienced a total upswing of 34.4%, and at this rate, it could initiate the next bull run. According to the Bonk price prediction, it can end in 2024 at $0.000022.
Pepe (PEPE) Experiences 40% Upswing – How Far Can It Reach in 2024?
Pepe (PEPE)’s price performance has showcased a rapid upswing, which could result in even more significant gains during the long term. Just in the past two weeks, the Pepe price climbed by 40%, fueling a positive market sentiment. 
Now, the Pepe crypto has maintained a solid market cap and position, and this could push interest in meme coins further. Based on the on-chart metrics, the Pepe price prediction indicates that it can end in 2024 at $0.000002.
KangaMoon (KANG) Puts Focus on Community Engagement and Social-Fi Elements
KangaMoon (KANG) will challenge the dominance of other meme coins, such as Dogecoin and Shiba Inu and will introduce a community-centric approach. Consequently, this could result in further success, as the platform will ensure that every member plays a vital role in the success and growth of the platform over time through its Social-Fi system
It will also redefine what it means to be a part of the broader community as holders of the KANG token are empowered to get additional cryptocurrencies through engaging in a wide range of activities. These can include weekly, monthly, and quarterly challenges or special giveaways.
This is an innovative approach that enables anyone to monetize their engagement and even improve their contribution to the ecosystem. They can create new opportunities and get rewards in the process. Now, during its crypto ICO, the KANG token trades at $0.005. However, at launch, analysts are expecting a price upswing by 100x.
Summary
While its clear that Bonk and Pepe have both showcased dominance on the charts, their recent price momentum is bullish and is likely to carry on in the future. Confidence in new ICOs is high, and out of them, KangaMoon has stood out as an exciting new project to get into, with high ROI opportunities and a community-driven approach.
Discover the Exciting Opportunities of the KangaMoon (KANG) Presale Today!
Website: https://KangaMoon.com/
Join Our Telegram Community: https://t.me/KangaMoonofficial
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Bonk KangaMoon PEPE 
9 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/meme-coins-not-to-miss-in-q1-2024-bonk-bonk-pepe-pepe-and-kangamoon-kang/
Kelexo (KLXO) Lending Sensation Secures Investment from Famous $120M 'Looping Two' from Ethereum (ETH ...	Analytics Insight	8 hours ago	Ethereum (ETH) made a whopping $120m from looping. These famous 'looping two' are set to make investments in Kelexo's (KLXO) presale.	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Kelexo (KLXO) Lending Sensation Secures Investment from Famous $120M ‘Looping Two’ from Ethereum (ETH) & USD Coin (USDC) for Big Gains





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













In the world of decentralized finance (DeFi), there are tons of strategies to trade successfully and make many times your initial investment. While it is very possible for each trading move to fail and result in massive loss especially in the case that an asset dips unexpectedly, it is also very possible to risk and win. One such strategy is looping and this strategy rose to prominence in recent times when two traders from Ethereum (ETH) made a whopping $120m from looping. These famous ‘looping two’ are set to make investments in Kelexo‘s (KLXO) presale before stage two is over.
How does Looping work in Ethereum (ETH) and USD Coin (USDC)?
Two whales employed the looping strategy in the Ethereum (ETH) Blockchain when Ethereum (ETH) was valued at $1000. This involved them depositing Ether (ETH) into a lending platform and then borrowing USD Coin (USDC) against their deposit. Subsequently, they swapped the cryptocurrencies with each other and redeposited to the lending platform with a more leveraged position. This strategy helped them achieve a range of 1-2x gains, rather than going for the higher 3-5x returns.
Against the risks of liquidation if the price of Ether (ETH) had fallen remarkably, these whales held out with hopes of a bullish rise and it paid off. They made $120 million in just 24 hours against their initial deposit at Ether’s (ETH) current price of $2700. This tradeoff could have gone badly for them if the price of Ethereum (ETH) dropped below the value as at when they invested which was $1000 per Ether (ETH) but lending and borrowing in USD Coin (USDC) which is lower compared to Ethereum (ETH) was their best bet and has set them up to become highly sought-after investors.
What does this investment from the looping whales mean for Kelexo (KLXO)?
Kelexo (KLXO) as a platform already has one of the best setups as a crypto-lending platform. Not only is the model impeccable with attractive features, but it has a real utility that is accessible to anyone on the Blockchain. Kelexo (KLXO) has also been predicted to be on the way to gaining 30x post-launch and becoming a blue-dot cryptocurrency. Amidst all these, Kelexo (KLXO) has gained attention and investment from the looping whales of Ethereum (ETH) and USD Coin (USDC) which means the expected growth ratio is now higher.
It could be another attempt from these whales to loop again with hopes of Ethereum (ETH) rising over time, but with Kelexo (KLXO) selling in its presale for a cheap price of only $0.028, it is the best move that these investors could take. Kelexo’s (KLXO) low ICO makes it possible for investors to buy big, draw demand and supply loans on the platform thereby servicing the utility. With all the metrics for growth already present, Kelexo (KLXO) is expected to keep climbing up the price chart at rocket speed with easy conversion of assets and access to liquidity, Kelexo (KLXO) serves the needs of the investors perfectly and is perfectly positioned in the crypto market to generate massive gains.
Find out more about the Kelexo (KLXO) presale at their official website.
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Ethereum Kelexo USD Coin 
3 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/kelexo-klxo-lending-sensation-secures-investment-from-famous-120m-looping-two-from-ethereum-eth-usd-coin-usdc-for-big-gains/
When is bitcoin halving? What history says about how it may impact BTC’s price.	MarketWatch	1 day ago	"Investors are closely watching bitcoin's upcoming halving, which is expected to happen in April, as history has shown the cryptocurrency..."		https://www.marketwatch.com/story/when-is-bitcoin-halving-heres-what-history-saysabout-how-it-may-impact-the-cryptocurrencys-price-7e7c4ca5
Ohio man loses more than $1 million in cryptocurrency scam	WHIO-TV	3 days ago	"HOLMES COUNTY, Ohio — A Northeast Ohio man lost more than $1 million in a cryptocurrency scam. The victim, a 68-year-old Holmes County man,..."		https://www.whio.com/news/state-and-regional/ohio-man-loses-more-than-1-million-cryptocurrency-scam/JJHXX2SEP5BKFGTET7422VR2FY/
What Is Bitcoin Mining? - Cryptocurrency	Investopedia	11-Oct-23	"Breaking down everything you need to know about Bitcoin mining, from blockchain and block rewards to proof of work and mining pools."	"What Is Bitcoin Mining?  

Bitcoin mining is the process of validating the information in a blockchain block by generating a cryptographic solution that matches specific criteria. When a correct solution is reached, a reward in the form of bitcoin and fees for the work done is given to the miner(s) who reached the solution first.



Over time, the reward for mining Bitcoin is reduced. This reward process continues until there are 21 million bitcoin circulating. Once that number is reached, the bitcoin reward is expected to cease, and Bitcoin miners will be rewarded through fees paid for the work done.





Key Takeaways

Validating transaction information and maintaining the integrity of the blockchain is mining's purpose, while the bitcoin reward is the incentive to mine.Bitcoin mining is necessary to maintain the ledger of transactions upon which Bitcoin is based.Miners have become very sophisticated over the past several years, using complex machinery and grouping to speed up mining operations.Bitcoin mining has generated controversy because it is not considered environmentally friendly.












investopedia / Ellen Lindner


   How Does Bitcoin Mining Work?  

Here's a simplified example to explain the process. Say you ask friends to guess a number between 1 and 100. Your friends don't have to guess the exact number; they just have to be the first to guess a number less than or equal to your number. If you think of the number 19 and a friend comes up with 21, another 55, and yet another 83, they lose because they all guessed more than 19. But if you have three friends left, and the next one guesses 16, they win, and the others don't get a chance to guess. The one who guessed 16 was the first to guess a number less than or equal to 19.



In this case, the number you chose, 19, represents the target hash the Bitcoin network creates for a block, and the random guesses from your friends are the guesses from the miners.


  The Hash  

At the heart of Bitcoin mining is the hash. The hash is a 64-digit hexadecimal number that is the result of sending the information contained in a block through the SHA256 hashing algorithm. This part of the process takes little time to complete—in fact, you can generate a hash in less than one second, pasting some content into an online SHA256 hash generator. This is the encryption method used by Bitcoin to create a block hash. However, decrypting that hash back to the content you pasted is the difficult part: a 64-digit hash can take centuries to decode with modern hardware.



A hash might look like this (this is the previous paragraph run through a hash generator). If you change one value in that content, like switching one ""t"" to an ""a,"" the hash changes:



a54f83a5db7371eeefa2287a0ede750ac623e49a8ba29f248eb785fe0a678559



Here is the same paragraph, but the first word is misspelled as ""Aa"" instead of ""At"":



fbfa33ff980d1492b3a9275a1eb945d89bd6b699ca19c3c470021b8f253654af



This is the number called the block hash, which is used in the next block's header as part of the information run through encryption. Each block uses the previous block's hash, which acts to chain them together, thus creating the term ""blockchain.""


  Target Hash  

The target hash, used to determine mining difficulty, is the number miners are trying to solve for when they mine. This number is a hash generated by the network converted from hexadecimal to decimal form.



So, a block hash might look like this (block 786,729):



00000000000000000005a849c28eb24b8a5e04fcecc1ccb3eb2998e4730a456e



And the target hash looked like this (with a lot more zeros in front and behind):



0x1705c739



So, miners needed to generate a number equal to or less than the above number. It might look simple to randomly guess a number less than this, but because of the encryption, it isn't. Block 786,729 used more than two billion nonces from one mining pool.


  Mining  

Bitcoin mining requires the mining program to generate a random hash and append another number to it called the nonce, or ""number used once."" When a miner begins, it always starts this number at zero. The nonce changes by one every attempt—first, it's 0, then 1, 2, 3, and so on. If the hash and nonce generated by the miner are more than the target hash set by the network, the attempt fails, and the miner tries again.



Every miner on the network does this until a hash and nonce combination is created that is less than or equal to the target hash. The first to reach that target receives the reward and fees, and a new block is opened. Once that block fills up with information (about one megabyte), it is closed, encrypted, and mined.



The Bitcoin network is made up of thousands of devices that mine 24 hours per day. Because the mining reward goes to the first to solve the problem, they are all competing. This competition led miners to create pools to gain an advantage over other miners because they needed more computational power to increase their chances of winning.






The Bitcoin network mining rate fluctuates, but it averaged 448 exa-hashes per second on Oct. 11, 2023—that's 448 followed by 18 zeros. If it takes roughly 10 minutes for a block to be mined, that's about 268 zeta-hashes (268 followed by 21 zeros) to open a new block.


  Proof-of-Work  

The mining process is what you hear called proof-of-work (PoW)—it takes a lot of energy and computational power to reach the goal of less than or equal to a target hash. The work done is viewed as the validation proof needed, so it's called proof-of-work.


  Confirmation  

Each block contains the hash of the previous block—so when the next block's hash is generated, the previous block's hash is included. Remember that if even one character changes, the hash changes, so the hash of each following block will change. This secures the blockchain.



However, the block you closed and received a reward for isn't yet confirmed. The block isn't confirmed until five blocks later when it has gone through that many validations. With that said, it is possible to alter information in a block before reaching six validations, but it is highly unlikely because the network must be controlled by someone attempting to change information for it to work.






Bitcoin halved its mining reward—from 12.5 to 6.25—for the third time on May 11, 2020. The fourth is expected sometime in mid-2024.


  Rewards  

The reward for successfully validating a block is bitcoin. In 2009, you'd receive 50 bitcoin for mining a block. But the block reward is halved every 210,000 blocks (or roughly every four years), so in 2013, the reward amount declined to 25, then 12.5, then 6.25. In Bitcoin's next halving event, the reward will change to 3.125.



Another incentive for Bitcoin miners to participate in the process is transaction fees. In addition to rewards, miners also receive fees from any transactions contained in that block of transactions. When Bitcoin reaches its planned limit of 21 million (expected around 2140), miners will be rewarded with fees for processing transactions that network users will pay. These fees ensure that miners still have the incentive to mine and keep the network going. The idea is that competition for these fees will cause them to remain low after halving events are finished.












  Difficulty  

Mining difficulty is how much work it takes to generate a number less than the target hash. Mining difficulty changes every 2,016 blocks or approximately every two weeks. The next difficulty level depends on how efficient miners were in the preceding cycle.



It is also affected by the number of new miners that have joined Bitcoin's network because it increases the hash rate or the amount of computing power deployed to mine the cryptocurrency. The more miners there are competing for a solution, the more difficult the problem will become. If computational power is taken off the network, the difficulty adjusts downward to make mining easier.  



The difficulty level for mining in October 2023 was 57.3 trillion. That is, the chances of a computer producing a hash below the target is 1 in 57.3 trillion. To put that in perspective, you are about 170,000 times more likely to win the Powerball jackpot with a single lottery ticket than you are to pick the correct hash on a single try.


   What Are the Economics of Mining Bitcoin?  

Bitcoin mining is a business venture. Profits generated from its output—bitcoin—depend on the investment made into its inputs.



There are three main costs of Bitcoin mining:



Electricity: This is the power that runs your mining systems 24/7. Mining can run up a substantial bill. When you consider that the process (network-wide) consumes as much electricity as certain countries do, the costs can be pretty high. It's also important to consider the costs to cool the area your mining system is in. They produce a lot of heat while mining—the more you have, the more heat they produce. These rigs need to be cooled, so the air conditioning you need can become very expensive.
Mining systems: Contrary to the popular narrative, desktop computers and regular gaming systems can be used to mine by joining a mining pool. But the returns are limited because most pools split the rewards based on the amount of work each miner contributes. These systems cannot compete with the ASIC mining machines, but it is possible to come out a few hundred dollars ahead after accounting for the energy used. If you want to be competitive, you'll need to buy several ASIC miners and join a pool—which can set you back between $4,000 to $12,000 per rig. The faster they can mine, the more you'll pay.
Network infrastructure: Network speeds do not significantly affect the Bitcoin mining process, but latency does. Latency is the amount of time it takes to communicate with the rest of the network. Also, mining farms require multiple internal connections to connect each mining rig to a main router or server with a connection to the internet. However, if you're using your gaming rig to mine and join a pool, you shouldn't need any extra bandwidth—just low latency to the pool you joined.



The total costs for these three inputs should be less than the output—in this case, bitcoin's price—for you to generate profits from your venture. Considering the fluctuating—and often rising—price of bitcoin, the idea of minting your own cryptocurrency might sound like an attractive proposition.



But given the economic difficulties of Bitcoin mining, you may have to resign yourself to accepting lower profits and a longer time to break even after purchasing equipment to participate in the lottery that Bitcoin has become.






FoundyUSA and AntPool are two popular mining pools that hold more than 55% of the world's Bitcoin mining power.


   History of Bitcoin Mining  

Two developments have contributed to the evolution and composition of Bitcoin mining as it is today. First, custom manufacturing of mining Bitcoin machines acted to centralize the network. Because Bitcoin mining is essentially guesswork, arriving at the right answer before another miner has almost everything to do with how fast your computer can produce hashes.



In the early days of Bitcoin, desktop computers with ordinary CPUs dominated Bitcoin mining. But they began taking a long time to discover transactions on the cryptocurrency's network as the algorithm's difficulty level increased with time. According to some estimates, it would have taken ""several hundred thousand years on average"" using CPUs to find a valid block at the early 2015 difficulty level.


  GPU Mining  

Over time, miners realized that graphics processing units (GPUs), or graphics cards, were more effective and faster at mining. But they consumed a lot of power and weren't designed for heavy mining. Eventually, manufacturers began limiting their mining abilities because the increase in demand for GPUs made their prices skyrocket and decreased availability.


  ASIC Mining  

Miners now use custom mining machines, called Application-Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) miners, equipped with specialized chips for faster and more efficient bitcoin mining. They cost anywhere from several hundred to tens of thousands of dollars. Today, bitcoin mining is so competitive that it can only be done profitably with the most up-to-date ASICs. But even with the newest unit at your disposal, one is rarely enough to compete with mining pools.


   Issues With Bitcoin Mining  

Between one in 57.6 trillion odds, scaling difficulty levels, and the massive network of users verifying transactions, one block of transactions is verified roughly every 10 minutes. But it's important to remember that 10 minutes is a goal, not a rule.


  Speed  

The Bitcoin network can currently process between three and six transactions per second, with transactions logged in the blockchain about every 10 minutes. By comparison, Visa can process somewhere around 65,000 transactions per second. Second-layer solutions and upgrades to the Bitcoin blockchain have attempted to address speed issues, but modern banking networks and other blockchains still dwarf the number of transactions the Bitcoin network can handle.


  Scalability  

This issue at the heart of the Bitcoin protocol is known as scaling. Though Bitcoin miners generally agree that something must be done to address scaling, there is less consensus about how to do it.



Bitcoin has been adjusted by introducing upgrades and accepting input from layers that do much of the work off-chain, but it still has issues with scalability.


  Energy Use  

For most of Bitcoin's short history, its mining process has remained an energy-intensive one. In the decade after it was launched, Bitcoin mining was concentrated in China, a country that relies on fossil fuels like coal to produce a majority of its electricity. Not surprisingly, Bitcoin mining's astronomical energy costs have drawn the attention of climate change activists. According to some estimates, the cryptocurrency's mining process consumes as much electricity as entire countries.





Bitcoin Mining Electricity Consumption



However, Bitcoin proponents have released studies that claim that the cryptocurrency is powered largely by renewable energy sources. One thing to remember about these studies is that they are based on conjectures and self-reported data from mining pools. This makes it difficult to be certain because the information is scarce and opaque.




What Is Bitcoin Mining?
Bitcoin mining is the process that validates Bitcoin transactions. It consists of mining systems competing with each other to solve a cryptographic problem and awards bitcoin.




What Purpose Does Bitcoin Mining Serve?
Bitcoin mining serves two purposes: It confirms transactions on the cryptocurrency’s network and secures it.




What Are the Main Costs Associated With Bitcoin Mining?
The three biggest costs for Bitcoin mining are electricity, network infrastructure, and mining infrastructure.




Should You Mine Bitcoin?
Bitcoin mining is a costly hobby without guaranteed results. To be competitive, you will need to invest in several expensive machines, run them 24/7, and pay high electricity bills. Even then, there is no guarantee that you will earn any bitcoin.




Is Bitcoin Mining Green?
Bitcoin mining's energy usage has been criticized by climate activists as proof that the cryptocurrency is not environmentally friendly. The Bitcoin mining process is estimated to consume as much electricity as entire countries. As the world pivots toward renewable energy sources, bitcoin mining is expected to become greener.


   The Bottom Line  

Bitcoin mining is an energy-intensive process with customized mining systems that compete to solve a cryptographic problem. The Bitcoin mining process also confirms transactions on the cryptocurrency's network and makes them trustworthy. As an incentive to participate in the process, bitcoin is rewarded to those that win the competition.



Though individual miners using desktop systems played a role during the cryptocurrency's early days, the Bitcoin mining ecosystem is dominated by large mining companies that run mining pools spread across many geographies. Bitcoin mining is also controversial because it uses astronomical amounts of energy.



The comments, opinions, and analyses expressed on Investopedia are for informational purposes online. Read our warranty and liability disclaimer for more info. As of the date this article was written, the author does not own bitcoin."	https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/bitcoin-mining.asp
Honduras watchdog bans institutions from trading crypto	Reuters	1 day ago	Honduras' CNBS regulator has banned the Central American country's financial system from trading in cryptocurrency and similar virtual...		https://www.reuters.com/technology/honduras-watchdog-bans-institutions-trading-crypto-2024-02-16/
6 Best Cryptocurrency Stocks Of February 2024	Forbes	1 week ago	Here are seven crypto stocks with the strongest cases for surviving the crypto winter and thriving in the years to come.		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/investing/cryptocurrency/best-cryptocurrency-stocks/
How To Buy Cryptocurrency – Forbes Advisor UK	Forbes	25-Sep-23	"To buy crypto, investors will need to ensure they have funds in their account. This might mean depositing money into their crypto account by..."		https://www.forbes.com/uk/advisor/investing/cryptocurrency/how-to-buy-cryptocurrency/
Cryptocurrency fueled Hamas' war machine for its Israel attack	Quartz | Make business better.™️	10-Oct-23	"Hamas affiliates like its military wing, the Al-Qassam Brigades, have publicly solicited donations in bitcoin since at least 2019. But the..."		https://qz.com/cryptocurrency-fueled-hamas-war-machine-1850915014
Looking for a Bitcoin Alternative? This Overlooked Cryptocurrency Is Already Up 20% in 2024	Yahoo Finance	6 days ago	"Despite all the hoopla surrounding Bitcoin (CRYPTO: BTC) and the new spot Bitcoin ETFs, the overall crypto market has been trading flat to..."		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/looking-bitcoin-alternative-overlooked-cryptocurrency-172300811.html
"Bitcoin around $50,000: What's driving the largest cryptocurrency's resurgence"	Moneycontrol	4 days ago	"After losing 64 percent of its value in 2022, Bitcoin, the world's largest cryptocurrency, has been gaining momentum since last year and..."		https://www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/cryptocurrency/bitcoin-around-50000-whats-driving-the-largest-cryptocurrencys-resurgence-12261641.html
"Cryptocurrency Security Token: Definition, Forms, and Investment"	Investopedia	24-Dec-23	A security token is the blockchain equivalent of a securitized asset traded on the stock market. It is a sequence of numbers and letters that is...	"Trending Videos








   What Is a Security Token?  

A security is a representation of a slice of ownership of or rights to an asset or a company. A token on a blockchain is an alphanumeric sequence generated by a hashing algorithm. Transferring ownership of an asset to a blockchain and assigning it a token is called ""tokenization."" Combining the two ideas creates a security token, a digital representation of ownership of or rights to an asset that has been tokenized and stored on a blockchain.



As an investment asset, a security token is a digital asset that represents ownership or other rights. It transfers value from an asset or bundle of assets to whoever holds the private keys to the token. In plain language, security tokens are the digital form of traditional investments like stocks, bonds, or other securitized assets.



Learn more about security tokens, how they work and are regulated, and how they are different from other digital assets.





Key Takeaways

Security tokens are digital assets that represent transferred ownership rights or asset value to a blockchain token.A security token is created using a process called tokenization.Security tokens are not yet available to retail investors, but many institutions are working to get them approved by regulators.The Securities and Exchange Commission must approve security tokens.


   Understanding Security Tokens  

Understanding tokenization is crucial for understanding security tokens. Anything can be tokenized: you can create a token that signifies the ownership and registration of a car. The car's vehicle identification number (VIN) could be tokenized along with the owner's name, address, and other information required by a state to register a vehicle. The state's motor vehicle department could use a blockchain interface program to enter the information into their blockchain, which could generate a token that signified ownership. The token could be sold and purchased, transferring ownership of the car.



A security token is created similarly—a company inputs what the token represents, and the token is generated. The company would then offer this token on an exchange or other appropriate investment platform for investors—ownership of that token would then be recorded on the blockchain and tagged with the owner's blockchain address.



The idea behind tokenizing ownership of a company or an asset isn't necessarily new. For example, companies used to give paper stock certificates to investors who purchased stocks. The paper certificate was a token that represented ownership or other rights granted to the investor. A digital security token is no different, except it is digital and has gone through a blockchain tokenization process.






Tokens are viewed as securities by regulators when they meet the criteria set by the Howey test; that is, there is an investment of money, a common enterprise, and a reasonable expectation of profit through the effort of others.



A security token might take one of a few different forms to be identified—it could have an image assigned to it that could be displayed in a digital wallet along with its value. On the other hand, it might only be a number your wallet keeps track of. The wallet could display your holdings, value, and any dividend distributions. Your wallet might also provide quick access to a prospectus or annual reports.


   How are Security Tokens Different From Cryptocurrencies?  

Security tokens and cryptocurrencies are nearly identical. They are created by and stored on a blockchain. They are both tokens, but the crucial difference lies in their purpose, intended use, and actual use. A cryptocurrency is designed to be used as currency, money, or payment method. A security token is intended to be used the same way a stock, bond, certificate, or other investment asset is used.



Many cryptocurrencies have been introduced which were not intended to be used as investment instruments. For example, Bitcoin was created to be used as a decentralized currency. But when investors and traders noticed an opportunity to generate returns from Bitcoin when it was listed on cryptocurrency exchanges, it began to be treated as a security token even though it was not designed as one.



Ethereum's native token, ether, was developed to be used to pay transaction fees within the Ethereum network. In that respect, ether is a cryptocurrency. However, because it is being traded on exchanges and held for its increasing value, investors treat it as a security token.



But BTC and ETH are not designed to be used as security tokens, and there is no expectation of profits from the developers; they do not currently meet the criteria to be considered securities by the SEC.




What Is a Security Token?
A security token represents rights of ownership, transfer of value, or promise of returns that are tokenized on a blockchain. It is intended to be treated as an investment instrument.




Is Ethereum a Security Token?
Ethereum's native token, ether, is not a security token. It is intended to be used within the Ethereum Virtual Machine to pay transaction fees. Owners are able to ""stake"" their ether (ETH) for a chance to become a network validator and earn more (ETH).




Can I Invest in Security Tokens?
Security tokens are not yet available for retail investors on public stock or cryptocurrency exchanges.


   The Bottom Line  

A security token is the blockchain equivalent of a securitized asset traded on the stock market. It is a sequence of numbers and letters that is linked to fractional or total ownership of an asset, with the intent to raise funds, generate returns, or pay dividends. These tokens, like stocks, must be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



The comments, opinions, and analyses expressed on Investopedia are for informational purposes online. Read our warranty and liability disclaimer for more info."	https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/security-token.asp
Bitcoin's market cap crossed $1 trillion again	Quartz | Make business better.™️	3 days ago	The cryptocurrency's market cap is at its highest level since late 2021.		https://qz.com/bitcoin-etfs-crypto-1-trillion-1851255727
Coinbase's Jump Highlights Crypto ETF Outperformance	Yahoo Finance	1 day ago	Equity-based crypto ETFs are outperforming BTC and spot bitcoin ETFs.		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coinbases-jump-highlights-crypto-etf-224500819.html
Forget Shiba Inu: This Cryptocurrency Could Make You Rich	Yahoo Finance	1 week ago	It's no secret that cryptocurrencies can balloon to unimaginable prices seemingly overnight. No better example of this occurred than in 2021...		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/forget-shiba-inu-cryptocurrency-could-152500780.html
Cryptocurrency Explained: Definition & Examples of Crypto	Business Insider	1 month ago	"A particular network's protocol locks up an investor's holdings — similar to depositing money in a bank, and agreeing not to withdraw it for a..."		https://www.businessinsider.com/personal-finance/what-is-cryptocurrency
"How high can Bitcoin go? $100,000 no longer seems crazy"	Fortune	4 days ago	Crypto detractors hate it as much as ever but every sign suggests Bitcoin will become more valuable than ever.		https://fortune.com/crypto/2024/02/13/how-high-can-bitcoin-go/
UN Investigating Crypto Attacks by North Korea Hacking Groups Totalling $3B	Yahoo Finance	6 days ago	"The United Nations (UN) is cracking down on North Korea's suspected misuse of cryptocurrency, launching an investigation into hacking groups..."		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/un-investigating-crypto-attacks-north-040636286.html
Cryptocurrency scam bilks Holmes man out of $1.3M FBI reports	Wooster Daily Record	1 day ago	A Holmes County man was scammed out of $1.3 million in a cryptocurrency scam.		https://www.the-daily-record.com/story/news/crime/2024/02/16/cryptocurrency-scam-bilks-holmes-man-out-of-1-3m-fbi-reports/72599664007/
Kelexo (KLXO) Presale Causes Ruckus as Ethereum (ETH) & Avalanche (AVAX) Holders Scrambling to Invest Early	Analytics Insight	8 hours ago	"Kelexo is changing how DeFi works with its new ideas, pulling in over 7000 people for its presale while Ethereum's has risen above $2800."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Kelexo (KLXO) Presale Causes Ruckus as Ethereum (ETH) & Avalanche (AVAX) Holders Scrambling to Invest Early





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













Ethereum’s (ETH) rise above $2,800 comes from more people staking and feeling positive about a possible ETF approval and the Dencun upgrade on the Sepolia testnet. Avalanche’s strong performance in Q4 2023 shows it’s doing well, with a lot more revenue and transactions happening.
Kelexo (KLXO) is changing how DeFi works with its new ideas, pulling in over 7,000 people for its presale. It offers lending that’s clear and doesn’t need KYC checks, making it easier for more people to join in financially. The price of KLXO tokens at $0.028 looks good to investors who see a big change coming in blockchain and DeFi.
Ethereum (ETH): Staking Surge Propels Ethereum (ETH) Towards $3,000
Ethereum’s (ETH) price recently breached the $2,800 mark, supported by a surge in staking deposits on the Ethereum (ETH) 2.0 beacon chain smart contracts. The positive market sentiment surrounding the anticipated approval of an Ethereum (ETH) ETF and the Dencun upgrade on the Sepolia testnet contribute to the bullish momentum. Staking deposits, crossing the 25% milestone, showcases increased confidence among investors and temporarily reduces available Ethereum (ETH) for trading, potentially propelling the price toward the $3,000 mark. However, a significant roadblock exists at $2,850, where a cluster of holders may book profits, impacting short-term movement.
Avalanche (AVAX): Q4 2023 Surge Positions Avalanche (AVAX) as a Top Performer
Avalanche (AVAX) performed well in the last quarter of 2023, as noted in a Messari report. The protocol’s market cap rose by 344% compared to the previous quarter, reaching $14.4 billion. This increase positioned Avalanche (AVAX) as the 10th among all tokens. The growth in registrations, especially Avascriptions (ACS-20 tokens), led to a substantial 2,874% rise in revenue from November to December, totaling $56.5 million. Daily transactions increased by 450% from the previous quarter, reaching 1.5 million, with Avalanche’s C-Chain achieving a record 6.3 million transactions in a single day. Despite a decline in Total Value Locked (TVL) measured in Avalanche (AVAX) due to price appreciation, the report emphasizes a positive long-term interest in Avalanche (AVAX).
Kelexo (KLXO): Redefining DeFi through Innovation
Kelexo (KLXO) is getting a lot of attention in its presale, attracting over 7,000 participants. What makes Kelexo (KLXO) different is its new way of doing decentralized lending and borrowing. It lets users borrow and lend digital assets without needing any Know Your Customer (KYC) checks or middlemen. This special setup promotes financial inclusion worldwide by getting rid of traditional barriers. Kelexo (KLXO) works using secure smart contracts, making sure lending and borrowing processes are transparent and reliable. In the presale, Kelexo (KLXO) is in its presale Stage One and offers tokens at a lower price of only $0.028, making it an interesting opportunity for investors looking to be part of the future of DeFi.
Recent advancements in Ethereum (ETH) and Avalanche (AVAX) have the blockchain community enthralled and interest in Kelexo’s novel approach to decentralized finance (DeFi) is also growing. Investors and enthusiasts are keeping a close eye on Kelexo (KLXO) because they see its potential to impact DeFi and blockchain technology in the future.
Find out more about the Kelexo (KLXO) presale at their official website.
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Avalanche Ethereum Kelexo 
10 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/kelexo-klxo-presale-causes-ruckus-as-ethereum-eth-avalanche-avax-holders-scrambling-to-invest-early/
8 Best Crypto Wallets of February 2024 – Forbes Advisor	Forbes	2 weeks ago	Crypto wallets support a wide variety of cryptocurrencies. We rank the best hot and cold crypto wallets.		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/investing/cryptocurrency/best-crypto-wallets/
Bitcoin Price Prediction: Can BTC Reach $100000? – Forbes Advisor	Forbes	5 days ago	"Ever since its launch in 2009, bitcoin (BTC) has made headlines and drawn interest from tech enthusiasts and investors. The cryptocurrency..."		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/investing/cryptocurrency/can-bitcoin-reach-100k/
Bitcoin reclaims $1 trillion market cap for first time since November 2021	Business Standard	4 days ago	"Bitcoin market cap: According to experts, the upcoming Bitcoin halving in April may lead to the token retesting its all-time high level of..."		https://www.business-standard.com/markets/cryptocurrency/bitcoin-reclaims-1-trillion-market-cap-for-first-time-since-november-2021-124021401181_1.html
"The Emerging DeFi Newcomer Priced at $0.12 Outpaced Cardano and Polygon, Now Targets Solana"	Analytics Insight	9 hours ago	"Retik Finance (RETIK), a dynamic DeFi token priced at $0.12 has been making waves in the cryptocurrency market with rapid growth."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News The Emerging DeFi Newcomer Priced at $0.12 Outpaced Cardano and Polygon, Now Targets Solana





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













In the fast-paced world of decentralised finance (DeFi), emerging newcomers often disrupt the status quo and redefine industry standards. One such newcomer that has been making waves is Retik Finance (RETIK), a dynamic DeFi token priced at $0.12. With its innovative approach and rapid growth, Retik Finance has surpassed established players like Cardano and Polygon and now sets its sights on challenging Solana’s dominance in the market. Retik Finance has quickly emerged as a formidable contender in the DeFi space, thanks to its unique features and forward-thinking vision. Priced at just $0.12, Retik Finance offers investors an opportunity to participate in a groundbreaking project with significant growth potential. Its recent performance has been nothing short of impressive, outpacing even well-established tokens like Cardano and Polygon. Cardano and Polygon, once considered leaders in the DeFi landscape, have been overshadowed by Retik Finance’s meteoric rise. Despite their strong fundamentals and established user bases, these platforms have struggled to keep pace with Retik Finance’s innovative offerings and aggressive expansion strategy.
Retik Finance’s Unique Offerings
Retik Finance (RETIK) stands out from its competitors due to its innovative approach to decentralised finance. The platform offers a comprehensive suite of DeFi solutions, including futuristic DeFi debit cards, a smart crypto payment gateway, AI-powered peer-to-peer (P2P) lending, and a multi-chain non-custodial highly secured DeFi wallet. These features aim to redefine global transactions and provide users with unparalleled financial freedom and flexibility. One of Retik Finance’s standout features is its DeFi debit cards, which offer users unprecedented rewards and benefits. The platform’s tiered system – Silver, Gold, and Diamond – provides increasing cashback benefits with each transaction. Silver cardholders receive 2.5% cashback, while Gold offers 3.75% and Diamond leads with 5%. This innovative reward approach incentivizes users to engage with the platform and drives adoption.

Strategic Partnerships and Collaborations
Retik Finance’s success can also be attributed to its strategic partnerships and collaborations within the crypto space. By forging alliances with leading players in the industry, Retik Finance has been able to leverage their expertise and resources to accelerate its development and increase its visibility. These partnerships have enabled Retik Finance to access new markets, onboard more users, and expand its ecosystem.
Technological Innovation
Retik Finance’s focus on innovation and technological advancement has set it apart from its competitors. The platform utilises AI-powered algorithms and cutting-edge protocols to offer superior performance and efficiency compared to traditional DeFi solutions. This technological edge has attracted investors seeking exposure to the next generation of decentralised finance and positioned Retik Finance as a leader in the space.
Challenging Solana’s Dominance
As Retik Finance continues to gain momentum, its sights are set on challenging Solana’s position as a leading DeFi platform. Solana, known for its high throughput and low transaction fees, has established itself as a dominant force in the market. However, Retik Finance’s competitive pricing, innovative features, and growing community support position it as a formidable competitor to Solana. As of writing, Retik Finance is in its Presale Stage 10, offering its token at $0.12. The stage is 92% filled, with strong investor demand driving the project’s momentum forward. With its sights set on Solana and a dedicated community backing its vision, Retik Finance is poised to make a significant impact on the DeFi industry and redefine the future of decentralised finance.
Conclusion
Retik Finance’s emergence as a leading DeFi newcomer priced at $0.12 marks a significant milestone in the evolution of decentralised finance. With its impressive performance, innovative features, and ambitious goals, Retik Finance is poised to disrupt the industry and redefine the future of finance. As it sets its sights on challenging Solana’s dominance, the stage is set for an exciting new chapter in the world of decentralised finance. Investors and enthusiasts alike are eagerly watching as Retik Finance continues to make waves and reshape the landscape of DeFi.
Click Here To Take Part In Retik Finance Presale
Visit the links below for more information about Retik Finance (RETIK):
Website: https://retik.com
Whitepaper: https://retik.com/retik-whitepaper.pdf
Linktree: https://linktr.ee/retikfinance
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Cardano Polygon Retik Finance 
10 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/the-emerging-defi-newcomer-priced-at-0-12-outpaced-cardano-and-polygon-now-targets-solana/
Pros and cons of cryptocurrency	TechTarget	7-Jul-23	Cryptocurrency challenges · Volatility · Lack of regulation · Security risks · Risk of losing coins · Excessive cost of production · No refund...		https://www.techtarget.com/whatis/feature/Pros-and-cons-of-cryptocurrency
On-Chain Leveraging Kelexo (KLXO) Obtains Consistent Tether Usdt (USDT) & Binance Coin (BNB) Investment	Analytics Insight	8 hours ago	Kelexo is transforming how digital lending operates and has garnered significant investments from Tether USDt and Binance Coin backers.	"CryptocurrencyLatest News On-Chain Leveraging Kelexo (KLXO) Obtains Consistent Tether Usdt (USDT) & Binance Coin (BNB) Investment





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













Kelexo (KLXO) is transforming how digital lending operates and has garnered significant investments from Tether USDt (USDT) and Binance Coin (BNB) backers. USDT is currently being investigated for potential ties to terror financing, leading to regulatory scrutiny that may impact its role in the decentralized finance sector. Meanwhile, Binance Coin (BNB) is gaining traction by reducing its circulating token count, resulting in a 17% increase and testing a resistance level of $370.
Amidst these developments, Kelexo (KLXO) is at the forefront of decentralized lending, attracting over 7,000 participants in its presale. Kelexo (KLXO) presents itself by foregoing Know Your Customer (KYC) checks and sidestepping intermediaries, offering a secure platform at an appealing presale price of $0.028. This approach is causing a notable shift in the financial landscape of 2024.
Allegations Put Tether USDt (USDT) Under Close Examining
Tether USDt (USDT), a significant stablecoin issuer, is actively dealing with concerns about its potential misuse. Caroline Hill, a senior director at Circle, brought up questions about Tether’s USDt (USDT) supposed connection to terror financing during a hearing at the House Financial Services Committee. Tether’s USDt (USDT) CEO, Paolo Ardoino, dismissed these claims, highlighting their dedication to fighting unlawful activities. JPMorgan analysts propose that US regulators, notably the Office of Foreign Assets Control, can regulate Tether’s USDt (USDT) use in offshore jurisdictions. Heightened regulatory scrutiny might affect Tether’s USDt (USDT) attractiveness, especially in the DeFi sector, where Tether USDt (USDT) is used as collateral.
Token Burns Help Binance Coin (BNB) Gain Momentum
Binance Coin (BNB) experiences a resurgence, gaining over 17% and retesting key resistance around $370. The recent uptick is attributed to Binance’s regular token burns, reducing circulating supply. After a brief consolidation phase, Binance Coin (BNB) faced resistance at $370, with the potential to reach $382 if bullish momentum persists. Analysts caution about a possible pullback if resistance at $370 is not breached, with support at $342. While experts predict a potential $400 target by the end of February, Binance Coin (BNB) technical posture remains precarious, subject to market conditions.
Kelexo (KLXO): Pioneering Decentralized Lending
Kelexo (KLXO) is leading the way in the 2024 cryptocurrency scene, drawing attention with over 7,000 participants in its presale. As the pioneer of decentralized lending platforms, Kelexo (KLXO) aims to change DeFi by making it easy to use and by including people worldwide in finance. The platform gets rid of KYC checks and middlemen, letting participants earn revenue shares based on their tokens. Security is vital, with token lock-ups and lifetime liquidity locks making sure the platform is safe. With a presale price of $0.028, Kelexo (KLXO) offers a tempting opportunity for investors looking to get into decentralized finance early. Keep an eye on Kelexo (KLXO) as it transforms the financial world in 2024.
Find out more about the Kelexo (KLXO) presale at their official website.
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Binance Coin Kelexo Tether (USDT) 
7 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/on-chain-leveraging-kelexo-klxo-obtains-consistent-tether-usdt-usdt-binance-coin-bnb-investment/
SEC Crypto Regulation – Forbes Advisor	Forbes	30-Jun-23	The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and other U.S. market regulators are getting serious about reigning in the crypto market.		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/investing/cryptocurrency/sec-crypto-regulation/
9 benefits of cryptocurrency in business	TechTarget	6-Jun-23	9 benefits of cryptocurrency in business · 1. No paper money required · 2. Access to new liquidity and capital · 3. Expanded payment methods · 4...		https://www.techtarget.com/searchcio/tip/Benefits-of-cryptocurrency-in-business
U.S. Energy Agency Encourages Transparency from Cryptocurrency Miners	Clayton County Register -	1 day ago	"The U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA), a prominent statistics agency within the U.S. Energy Department, has taken a proactive..."		https://www.claytoncountyregister.com/news2/u-s-energy-agency-encourages-transparency-from-cryptocurrency-miners/1138019/
"Hawaii opens its doors to Cryptocurrency Trading, embracing the digital financial frontier"	KITV	3 days ago	Cryptocurrency companies will soon be allowed to operate freely in Hawaii. The State Division of Financial Institutions decided that...		https://www.kitv.com/news/business/hawaii-opens-its-doors-to-cryptocurrency-trading-embracing-the-digital-financial-frontier/article_b88097d4-cbb7-11ee-968b-4f0fe3ed7e01.html
Polygon (MATIC) And Litecoin (LTC) Show Potential Uptrend As Investors Look To Profit From Algotech (ALGT)	Analytics Insight	8 hours ago	"As investors watch for opportunities on Polygon (MATIC and Litecoin (LTC), Algotech (ALGT) portrays impressive signs of presale success."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Polygon (MATIC) And Litecoin (LTC) Show Potential Uptrend As Investors Look To Profit From Algotech (ALGT)





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













The crypto market is experiencing a bullish spike following Bitcoin’s significant price surge, with Polygon (MATIC) and Litecoin (LTC) emerging as some of the top contenders. Meanwhile, Algotech (ALGT), a new ICO, is following in on this bullish trend. ALGT promises several benefits, including enhanced efficiency and performance, hinting at more gains than MATIC and LTC. Let’s find out why!

TLDR

Polygon (MATIC) may reclaim the $1 mark by Q2 of 2024.
Litecoin (LTC) could ride the hype surrounding the upcoming Bitcoin halving event to reach $86.21 by Q2 of 2024.
Algotech (ALGT) offers much more than profits during its token presale.

Polygon (MATIC) Rebounds After A Mysterious 9 Million Whale Transaction
Polygon (MATIC) started 2024 by trading above the $1 mark, but it faced fluctuations that saw the price go down to as low as $0.746 on January 8. However, Polygon MATIC price rebounded to $0.955 on January 11, following Bitcoin’s rise to past $48,000 after the SEC approved spot ETFs.
Subsequently, Polygon MATIC price plummeted to below the $0.9 level following Bitcoin’s value decline to below the $48k threshold. However, a rapid rebound saw Bitcoin’s value reach the $50k milestone on February 12, 2024, pushing Polygon MATIC price to $0.885.
Polygon MATIC’s price surge coincided with the unveiling of AggLayer, an interoperability protocol by Polygon Labs, set to go live on February 23. However, Polygon (MATIC) experienced a slight price decrease to $0.845 on February 13 following the transfer of 9 million tokens worth $7.75 million to Binance by the Polygon Foundation.
 As of February 15, Polygon MATIC’s price experienced a swift recovery, reaching $0.892. Analysts bullish on Polygon’s price prediction anticipate that MATIC to reach $1 by Q2 of 2024.
Litecoin (LTC) Recovers After Suffering a Price Decline Following a Wallet Transfer to Binance
Litecoin’s (LTC) price surged to $73.41 on February 12, marking a 12% increase from its February 1 low of $65.80, renewing hopes of an optimistic LTC price prediction. Litecoin’s (LTC) price increase followed Bitcoin crossing the $50k mark.
However, the price of Litecoin (LTC) tumbled by 6.6% (from $73.41) to $68.56 on February 14. The decline followed a whale transaction of 100,000 LTC, worth more than $7 million, from an unknown wallet to Binance, as reported by On-Chain data on the same day.

🚨 100,000 #LTC (7,038,323 USD) transferred from unknown wallet to #Binancehttps://t.co/V7NI21bdQe
— Whale Alert (@whale_alert) February 14, 2024

As of February 14, Litecoin (LTC) had recovered some of its losses to trade at $70.47. Litecoin analysts are bullish on the LTC price prediction and anticipate the altcoin to go as high as $86.21 in Q2 of 2024. They base their prediction on Litecoin (LTC) gaining some hype, especially if Bitcoin hits the $60k mark following the April 2024 halving event.
Other analysts, however, feel that the Bitcoin halving event may have a negative impact on Litecoin stock, making the LTC price prediction uncertain. Meanwhile, investors are diversifying from Litecoin (LTC) to Algotech (ALGT), a new entrant into the market with more growth potential. Here’s why!
Algotech (ALGT): Investment Opportunities for Immense Profits, Giveaways, and Other Benefits
While Polygon (MATIC) and Litecoin (LTC) are undoubtedly some of the best coins to buy now, they are highly volatile. Astute investors are looking at Algotech (ALGT), a new decentralized algorithmic trading platform.
Algotech (ALGT) does not discriminate against novice or experienced traders, as it ensures that everyone achieves consistent profitability. The presale token does this by harnessing the power of automated and artificial intelligence strategies.
Algotech (ALGT) also utilizes strategies that provide investors and traders with a versatile toolkit that meets all their trading objectives. The strategies are algorithmic and developed using machine learning and quantitative analysis.
Besides the profit-making algorithmic strategies, Algotech (ALGT) also provides its investors with several other benefits. These include periodic dividends derived from a 30% performance fee collection, voting privileges, and partial ownership of the platform’s software.
After an impressive private/seed sale that raised $1.1 million in just two days, Algotech (ALGT) commenced Stage 1 of its public presale with a token price of $0.04. It will go through several other structured stages before launching on major exchanges. Algotech’s (ALGT) earliest investors can anticipate an ROI of 275% when the token price rises to $0.15 after the presale.
Algotech also tops the presale coins list with its amazing offers. Investing in the token today puts you into a draw to win Apple devices and VIP tickets to the Blockchain Life event in Dubai. What more can you ask for?
Visit Algotech Presale
Join The Algotech Community
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Litecoin Matic Polygon 
14 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/polygon-matic-and-litecoin-ltc-show-potential-uptrend-as-investors-look-to-profit-from-algotech-algt/
"Crypto fraud alert: Gurugram-based exec meets women on matrimonial site, gets duped of ₹38 lakh. Here's what happened | Mint"	mint	12 hours ago	A Gurugram-based consulting firm executive met the women on a matrimonial site. She asked him to invest in cryptocurrency and made him a...		https://www.livemint.com/news/india/crypto-fraud-alert-gurugram-based-exec-meets-women-on-matrimonial-site-gets-duped-of-rs-38-lakh-heres-what-happened-11708220041483.html
"Title: ""Cryptocurrency Regulation in Honduras: Risks, Resolutions, and Caution"""	TheGWW.com	23 hours ago	“`html. Summary. A resolution prohibiting financial institutions from dealing with cryptocurrency was issued by the National Banking and...		https://thegww.com/title-cryptocurrency-regulation-in-honduras-risks-resolutions-and-caution/
"Crypto Price on February 15: Bitcoin jumps above $52,000; crypto m-cap crosses $2 trillion"	The Economic Times	3 days ago	"The cryptocurrency market rose sharply on Thursday as the world's top largest crypto tokens, Bitcoin and Ethereum, surged over 6%."		https://m.economictimes.com/markets/cryptocurrency/crypto-price-on-february-15-bitcoin-jumps-above-52000-crypto-m-cap-crosses-2-trillion/articleshow/107713895.cms
Why $GFOX Is A Better 2024 Investment Than $DOGE and $SHIB	Analytics Insight	14 hours ago	"Memecoins projects released, Galaxy Fox ($GFOX) is a better 2024 investment than both Dogecoin ($DOGE) and Shiba Inu ($SHIB)."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Why $GFOX Is A Better 2024 Investment Than $DOGE and $SHIB





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













Markets look ripe for another memecoin season but which projects will lead this surge? On-chain data paints a fascinating picture, and increasingly, investors are following the mantra of out with the old and in with the new. Memecoins from the last cycle are being ditched in favor of projects released this cycle, and in 2024, there will be an entirely new class of leaders in the meme vertical. 

Learning how to buy new crypto before listing massively increases the odds of an investor hitting one of those gems early and is an indispensable bull market skill. Existing memecoins simply cannot compete with the upside available in presales- an ICO entry is the point of maximal financial opportunity. This is why Galaxy Fox ($GFOX) is a better 2024 investment than both Dogecoin ($DOGE) and Shiba Inu ($SHIB). 
Dogecoin ($DOGE) & Shiba Inu ($SHIB) Relics of the Last Cycle
Dogecoin was the first commercially successful memecoin and, at one point, was even ranked among the top ten cryptocurrencies. Despite falling to 11th place, it still has a market cap in excess of $12 billion. Shiba Inu was branded as the DogecoinKiller and enjoyed a massive rally as investors bet on the underdog. But $SHIB is no longer an underdog with a market cap of $5.8 billion. 

$DOGE and $SHIB are victims of their own success, and with bloated market caps and thousands of investors facing unrealized losses, they are not tokens investors want to hold entering the bull market. Regarding upside potential, the market cap is king, and the sheer amount of capital it would take to move these tokens is mind-boggling. Investors active in the space are already taking action, and both are losing liquidity fast.
Galaxy Fox ($GFOX): Why $GFOX Will Outperform Both
Galaxy Fox is roaring through its presale and, from a returns perspective, will outpace both $DOGE and $SHIB. Learning how to buy new crypto before listing and participating in the $GFOX presale today is the same as buying $DOGE or $SHIB in early 2021. Still yet to undergo its growth phase, investors should be betting big on the underdog now. 

One protocol-level advantage Galaxy Fox has over its rivals is its P2E component. The protocol has integrated an addictive runner game, and every season, the top-ranked players win prizes. This locates $GFOX in the GameFi and memecoin narratives and provides a perfect user acquisition model. New users enter the ecosystem wanting to test their skills and earn real cash. 

Galaxy Fox’s tokenomics model also improves on the past generation- one of the underrated advantages of new launches is that teams have more resources available. The token burn ensures a deflationary nature, the majority of tokens allocated via presale guarantees distributed ownership, and the novel implementation of taxes allows staking rewards without net inflation. In simple terms, $GFOX stakers are earning native yield on a deflationary asset! 

Presale momentum shows investors have a massive appetite to take risks, and in these conditions, risk-taking pays big dividends. $GFOX is undoubtedly one of the top cryptos to buy right now and is ready to blow past $DOGE and $SHIB in the coming months. 

Closing Thoughts: Rotate Before Memecoin Mania Begins
When picking winners that can 100X this cycle, ICOs are every investor’s best friend. The importance of learning how to buy new crypto before listing cannot be overstated, and Galaxy Fox is an excellent place for those who have never taken part in a presale. 

Participate in 2024’s hottest ICO, and grab your allocation on $GFOX today. Get ready to outperform $DOGE and $SHIB holders this year!
Learn more about $GFOX here:
Visit Galaxy Fox Presale | Join the Community
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Dogecoin Galaxy Fox Shiba Inu 
11 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/why-gfox-is-a-better-2024-investment-than-doge-and-shib/
5 Crypto-Centric Stocks to Buy as Bitcoin Reaches Key Milestone	Yahoo Finance	2 days ago	"On Feb 14, the largest cryptocurrency Bitcoin (BTC) reached a milestone to close the day with more than $1 trillion in market capital,..."		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/5-crypto-centric-stocks-buy-132100635.html
Top 3 cryptocurrencies to buy before the global crypto market cap reaches $2 trillion in 2024	Analytics Insight	1 day ago	"Investors are continuously searching for opportunities that have a strong chance of making sizable returns, as the cryptocurrency industry..."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Top 3 cryptocurrencies to buy before the global crypto market cap reaches $2 trillion in 2024





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 17, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













Investors are continuously searching for opportunities that have a strong chance of making sizable returns, as the cryptocurrency industry continues to grow and develop. It’s a good idea to look into possible investment choices right now, as the value of the global cryptocurrency market was estimated to be $1.8 trillion on February 11, 2024, and is expected to rise to $2 trillion in the next months. Here, we examine three cryptocurrencies that investors hoping to profit from the market’s upward trend may find to be particularly promising.
Top Three Cryptos to HODL
Retik Finance (RETIK)
Retik Finance, a trailblazing cryptocurrency that is revolutionising the field of decentralised finance (DeFi), is at the top of our list. Retik Pay, Retik Wallet, and Retik DeFi Debit Card are just a few of the cutting-edge services and products that make up the unique ecosystem that Retik Finance offers users, giving them unmatched access to more financial options. Retik Finance is positioned to benefit from the growing need for DeFi solutions as its worldwide market capitalization approaches $2 trillion. This makes it a desirable investment option for anyone hoping to ride the DeFi innovation wave.
Why Retik is a top to buy in 2024

Low-Risk and High Reward Potential: Retik Finance (RETIK) is a great option for investors because of its potential for large growth and inexpensive pricing. Retik Finance, which has a value of just $0.12, offers investors a convenient way to get exposure to the growing cryptocurrency market cap.


Imminent Listing: With Retik’s token, $RETIK billed to launch on major exchanges in a few months, the demand and trading volume of the asset are expected to see a massive rise, thereby creating the avalanche of capital inflow that pumps the total crypto market capitalization towards $2 trillion.
 

The rise to this milestone will also see the value of $RETIK appreciate massively and return huge profits to investors who take a chance now at RETIK’s price of $0.12.

Bitcoin (BTC)
Referred to as the “original cryptocurrency,” Bitcoin is still one of the best options for investors to consider as the market gets closer to reaching the $2 trillion barrier. Bitcoin continues to draw interest from both institutional and individual investors due to its reputation as a digital gold and store of wealth. With just 21 million coins in circulation, Bitcoin is a deflationary asset that has shown to be a reliable shield against inflation and financial instability. Furthermore, Bitcoin continues to have a strong long-term growth potential because of its growing acceptance by mainstream organisations and enterprises, making it a wise investment for investors looking to expand and stabilise their portfolios. Notable events like the bitcoin halving and ETF approval are slated ahead for the King of crypto. These events have the potential to drive the total crypto valuation towards $2 trillion in the coming months of 2024.
Ethereum (ETH)
With the worldwide market capitalization of cryptocurrencies getting close to $2 trillion, Ethereum, the second-largest by market cap, is also a very attractive investment option. The key component of Ethereum’s value proposition is its smart contract capability, which makes it possible to develop non-fungible tokens (NFTs), decentralised financial protocols, and decentralised applications (DApps). Ethereum has become the platform of choice for users and programmers looking to create and engage with decentralised applications, thanks to the DeFi and NFT industries’ fast growth. Ethereum’s utility and value are anticipated to rise as it continues to receive improvements aimed at reducing transaction fees and increasing scalability. This makes it a desirable investment choice for individuals who are optimistic about the prospects of blockchain technology. ETH is another option to buy as the market targets the $2 trillion mark in 2024; as the coin is expected to gain and push the market towards the milestone market capitalization.
Conclusion: Capitalising on the 2024 Opportunity
Investing in promising projects with solid foundations and development prospects presents investors with an exceptional chance to position themselves for possible gains as the global cryptocurrency market cap approaches $2 trillion. Retik Finance, Ethereum, and Bitcoin are three leading choices that stand to gain from the market’s ongoing development and expansion.Investors can take advantage of the opportunities provided by the expanding cryptocurrency market and possibly profit from their investments in the coming months of 2024 by performing extensive studies, diversifying their portfolios among the aforementioned three cryptocurrencies, and remaining up to date on market trends and developments.
Click Here To Take Part In Retik Finance Presale
Visit the links below for more information about Retik Finance (RETIK):
Website: https://retik.com
Whitepaper: https://retik.com/retik-whitepaper.pdf
Linktree: https://linktr.ee/retikfinance
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates
	











Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Bitcoin Crypto market Cryptocurrency DeFi Ethereum Retik Finance 
28 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-3-cryptocurrencies-to-buy-before-the-global-crypto-market-cap-reaches-2-trillion-in-2024/
"Cryptocurrency Payment Gateway: What It Is, How It Works, Fees"	Investopedia	16-Aug-23	"What Is a Cryptocurrency Payment Gateway? A cryptocurrency payment gateway is a payment processor for digital currencies, similar to payment..."	"Trending Videos








   What Is a Cryptocurrency Payment Gateway?  

A cryptocurrency payment gateway is a payment processor for digital currencies, similar to payment processors gateways and acquiring bank credit cards use. Cryptocurrency gateways enable you to accept digital payments and receive fiat currency immediately in exchange.



With cryptocurrency beginning to be accepted as payment at more merchants, these companies remove any uncertainties or reservations a merchant might have about cryptocurrency and allow them to offer more payment options.



It's important to note that digital currency payment gateways are not required. It's perfectly acceptable to use your personal wallet to accept cryptocurrency payments; however, gateways take the extra work of exchanging cryptocurrency and managing a wallet out of your hands.





Key Takeaways

Cryptocurrency is beginning to be accepted as payment at many merchants, but some remain wary about its safety.Cryptocurrency payment gateways act as transaction facilitators between merchants and customers for processing payments.If you don't understand or trust cryptocurrency, payment gateways give you the ability to accept them as payment and receive fiat currency in exchange.


   How Does a Cryptocurrency Payment Gateway Work?  

Payment gateways are companies taking on the perceived risk of cryptocurrency payments by using their wallet(s) to facilitate transactions between merchants and their customers.


  Payment Flow  

In terms of steps, the following workflow gets executed:



Your customer opts to make payment in cryptocurrency at checkout (in-store, on the web, or in-app).They pay you an amount equal to the digital currency's fair market value at the time of the transaction.The cryptocurrency payment service instantly converts the payment into the currency you choose.The money is added to your account with the provider; it is deposited to your designated bank account in intervals decided on in your service contract.



The process is transparent to you because you don't have to worry about cryptocurrencies; only that your cryptocurrency service provider will place the appropriate funds in your account.






Be sure to check your country's cryptocurrency regulations before setting up an account with a gateway. These gateways can operate from anywhere in the world, and many countries are developing new laws regarding digital currency use.


  Fees  

The provider uses a cryptocurrency wallet to facilitate the transfers. If that currency is designed with a payment system, the provider will incur fees charged by the currency network's transaction validators.



Transaction validators verify blocks and transactions in the blockchain — in exchange for their energy use and computational power, they are paid in small increments in the cryptocurrency transaction they validated.



The providers pass on these fees to you, and charge their service fees so that they can continue operating and offering their services.


   Advantages and Disadvantages of Payment Gateways  

By nature, cryptocurrency is designed to be decentralized and anonymous. The system makes it easy for two parties to make an exchange. However, some merchants might not be comfortable accepting payment in digital currency; they might not understand how any of it works or be skeptical about the system.



For these reasons, it's important to know the advantages and disadvantages of payment gateways so that you can decide how you want to accept digital currency payments.


  Advantages  

A payment gateway removes the anonymity of who you're dealing with while maintaining your customer's preference for it.You have someone to contact if there are payment issues.You can accept payments from anywhere in the world, in any cryptocurrency your provider will take.You receive the funds in the account with your provider, who transfers them to you.You don't have to worry about or attempt to understand cryptocurrency.Reduces volatility risk — the risk of losing value waiting for a transaction to be verified by the cryptocurrency's network — by paying you the market rate for the tokens at the time the transaction was conducted.


  Disadvantages  

A payment gateway is a third party, which cryptocurrencies were originally designed to bypass.You have to rely on the provider's ability to maintain uninterrupted services because you might be receiving payments from around the world and in different time zones.Gateways are companies providing a service, so they will market themselves in a fashion that makes it seem like you need their services when realistically you don't.You pay small transaction fees when you use your cryptocurrency wallet; you pay more when you use a cryptocurrency payment gateway.If the payment gateway is hacked, you'll lose any funds you have in your account with the provider while you're waiting for them to be transferred.


   Final Thoughts on Cryptocurrency Gateways  

Removing third parties from financial transactions is one of the fundamental tenets behind cryptocurrency. While this sounds great to some that embrace change and understand it, others might not accept it. Cryptocurrency is a new concept, and it is hard to understand in a world where exchangeable value has always been placed on tangible assets. Only recently have developed countries moved to a financial model where most of their transactions are credit and debit based, where it is possible never to exchange physical money.



It's natural to be skeptical of something new, especially when it involves money and finances. Cryptocurrency payment gateways are not mandatory or necessary to carry out digital currency transactions. However, they remove much of the anxiety, confusion, disinformation, and speculation that can come from a decentralized and unregulated source of value.



If you're a business owner and understand how cryptocurrency works, you might not have any reservations about accepting it. As a result, you might not need the services of a gateway provider. But because more than 99% of the U.S economy consists of small businesses, it's possible that not every business owner will understand or trust cryptocurrency. If this is you, an intermediary can help you address your concerns by providing an immediate exchange for fiat currency—which lets you conduct your business finances the way you want while giving your customers the payment options they choose.




How Do I Accept Payments With Cryptocurrency?
You can accept payments with a cryptocurrency wallet. Many are free to use; however, if you want to accept cryptocurrency as payment but don't have the time to put into learning about it, a cryptocurrency payment gateway can help you accept cryptocurrency payments.




Which Payment Gateway Is Best for Cryptocurrency?
There are many to choose from. It's best to compare them to see which fit your needs the most. Coinbase, a cryptocurrency exchange based in the U.S.—and regulated by the government—has a payment service called Coinbase Commerce.




What Is a Cryptocurrrency Payment?
A cryptocurrency payment is a payment made using any cryptocurrencies accepted by merchants or individuals for a product or service."	https://www.investopedia.com/tech/bitcoin-payment-services-introduction/
What To Expect From Bitcoin and Crypto Markets In 2024	Investopedia	4-Dec-23	"The approval of a spot Bitcoin ETF has been the key area of focus for crypto investors, as it could broaden access to Bitcoin."	"Trending Videos











KEY TAKEAWAYS

The approval of a spot Bitcoin ETF has been the key area of focus for crypto investors, as it could broaden access to Bitcoin.Optimism surrounding the possible approval of a spot Bitcoin ETF helped contribute to a rally in the price of Bitcoin.2023 was a pivotal year in terms of crypto enforcement actions, with further regulatory clarity expected to arrive in 2024.An end of policies focused on monetary tightening from central banks around the world could also lead to a positive outcomes for risk assets like cryptocurrencies.



Bitcoin's recent rally may have taken it past the $42,000 market and helped put the crypto winter of 2022 far in the distance. However, it was also a year the largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization started on shaky grounds at a mere $16,500 level.



Here's what you need to know with the crypto markets looking ahead to the next year, standing at the cusp of important events such as the fate of the approval of a spot Bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF), Bitcoin halving, and developments in crypto regulation.


   The Spot Bitcoin ETF Could Be a Game Changer  

Ever since Blackrock (BLK) originally filed its spot Bitcoin ETF application with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in June, the impending approval of such a financial product has been the key area of focus for the crypto market.



So far, retail investors can only gain cryptocurrency exposure through ETFs that trade in cryptocurrency futures. A spot Bitcoin ETF would allow investors, especially retail investors, to gain access to Bitcoin without needing to hold their investment in a Bitcoin wallet.



Analysts expect big money to flow into Bitcoin spot ETFs if the SEC gives its approval, and that optimism has helped boost the price of Bitcoin, with the spot Bitcoin ETF market anticipated to grow to $100 billion over time, according to a report by Bloomberg. A report from Galaxy estimates inflows in spot Bitcoin ETF products could rise from $14 billion in the first year to $39 billion within three years.



That said, there remains uncertainty around the SEC's decision. The SEC has reportedly held multiple rounds of talks with prospective ETF issuers, with issuers amending applications to meet regulators' expectations.



""I'm optimistic, but I think it's quite likely we have another round of rejections before we get the positive news,"" BitGo CEO Mike Belshe recently told Bloomberg.



Blackrock and others have also filed for spot ether ETFs. However, the likelihood of approval for those products based around the alternative crypto asset is similarly unclear.


   Why The Upcoming Bitcoin Halving Will Be Crucial  

Bitcoin halving—or an event that roughly cuts in half rewards to Bitcoin miners for successfully mining the cryptocurrency—is expected to take place in 2024.



Why is it important? At 21 million, the supply of Bitcoin is finite making it harder to mine as more Bitcoins come into circulation. Bitcoin miners are rewarded for successfully mining a block. And the reward gets diminished with a halving, indirectly also impacting the number of Bitcoins in circulation. And price is inversely proportionate to supply.



The crypto market's boom and bust cycles have generally revolved around the Bitcoin halving event, which happens roughly every four years and involves a halving of the amount of new Bitcoin that is issued to miners on the network around every ten minutes.



According to a report from crypto asset manager Grayscale, there is reason to believe this halving event (and any positive tailwinds from a spot Bitcoin ETF approval) could be more impactful than it was in the past. This is due to the current distribution of the Bitcoin supply, which is largely held by entities that tend to hold for long periods of time.



""If these trends continue, the Grayscale Research team anticipates that the dynamics of Bitcoin’s ownership could increasingly amplify the impact of macro events, like evolving global policies and regulation (e.g., approval of US spot Bitcoin ETF), as well as crypto market developments, like the 2024 Bitcoin halving,"" said Grayscale Analyst Will Ogden Moore in the report.



Despite the Bitcoin-denominated cut for miners related to the halving event, Sabre56 CEO Phil Harvey says the mining industry will be fine, even in a scenario where a spot Bitcoin ETF is not approved. ""In the absence of an ETF launch, the mining sector is likely to maintain its current state of health,"" Harvey told Investopedia. ""Present revenue metrics for miners with direct access to power and equipped with state-of-the-art power generation reveal a robust economic landscape. The current economics are expected to endure, ensuring sustained and healthy profit margins post-halving.""


   Clarity On Crypto Regulation In The Cards?  

2023 has been a massive year for crypto enforcement actions, with many of the biggest names in the industry, from Binance to Coinbase, facing lawsuits from the SEC or even the Department of Justice. Former FTX CEO Sam Bankman-Fried was found guilty of fraud and former Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao is facing charges of violating the Bank Secrecy Act.



After these recent events, it's becoming clear that the Wild West years of the crypto industry may be coming to an end. U.S. Senator Cynthia Lummis (R-WY) recently shared her optimism that regulatory clarity may finally arrive in early 2024 due to the move of traditional financial titans into the crypto market.



Additionally, U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Chair Rostin Behnam has pointed to Congress's increased concerns regarding crypto's potential use in illicit finance as a reason behind the legislative body's renewed interest in the subject.



In terms of other areas of regulation and policy that could affect the crypto market in 2024, TradeStation Head of Brokerage Solutions Anthony Rousseau pointed to the Financial Account Standards Board's (FASB) rule change for valuing crypto assets and a potential end to the Federal Reserve and other central banks' policies of monetary tightening.



The FASB rule change ""opens the door for corporates now to have a path to add Bitcoin to the balance sheet as a reserve asset, as MicroStrategy has adopted,"" Rousseau told Investopedia. ""It’s plausible to believe we have reached the heights of this [central bank] tightening cycle. For risk assets to get a sustained bid we will need to see a path forward with lower rates and an end to Quantitative Tightening.""




Do you have a news tip for Investopedia reporters? Please email us at
tips@investopedia.com"	https://www.investopedia.com/what-to-expect-from-bitcoin-and-crypto-markets-in-2024-8404514
"Crypto Price on February 13: Bitcoin trades near $50K mark; Solana, Avalanche jump up to 8%"	The Economic Times	5 days ago	"Following the rise in Bitcoin and other altcoins, the global cryptocurrency market cap surged 3.8% to around $1.87 trillion in the last 24..."		https://m.economictimes.com/markets/cryptocurrency/crypto-price-on-february-13-bitcoin-trades-near-50k-mark-solana-avalanche-jump-up-to-8/articleshow/107649469.cms
Bitcoin Snaps 7-Day Winning Streak After Breaching $50000 Plateau	Bloomberg.com	4 days ago	Bitcoin fell for the first time in eight trading sessions as speculators sought a respite following the recent rally that pushed the largest...		https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-02-13/bitcoin-snaps-7-day-winning-streak-after-breaching-50-000-plateau
Revolut will introduce its own cryptocurrency exchange	Cryptodnes.bg	8 hours ago	"Digital banking platform Revolut is preparing to launch a new cryptocurrency exchange tailored for savvy traders, according to details..."		https://cryptodnes.bg/en/revolut-shte-predstavi-sobstvena-borsa-kriptovaluti/
"Presale Kelexo (KLXO) on a Bull Run, Amidst Ethereum (ETH) $2.8k High While Avalanche (AVAX) Exodus Begins"	Analytics Insight	5 hours ago	"Avalanche (AVAX) grows its ecosystem, doubling network addresses and forming alliances with companies like Amazon."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Presale Kelexo (KLXO) on a Bull Run, Amidst Ethereum (ETH) $2.8k High While Avalanche (AVAX) Exodus Begins





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













In the middle of the market bull run, Ethereum (ETH) rose above $2,800 on positive expectations for the Dencun upgrade and a potential spot ETH ETF approval. Avalanche (AVAX) grows its ecosystem, doubling network addresses and forming alliances with companies like Amazon. Kelexo (KLXO) redefines DeFi with KYC-free lending, gaining confidence with a successful presale at $0.028. These developments signal significant growth in the crypto space, shaping the future of decentralized finance. Investors and enthusiasts should closely monitor these changes for new opportunities in the industry.
Ethereum (ETH) Jumps Up to $2.8k on Positive Attitude
Ethereum (ETH) has gone beyond the $2,800 mark for the first time since May 2022. The buzz about the upcoming Dencun upgrade is adding to the good vibes. Additionally, the chance of approval for a spot ETH ETF after the recent approval of a Bitcoin ETF enhances investor confidence, potentially driving Ethereum (ETH) to new highs.
With technical indicators indicating positive trends and strong support levels shown by IntoTheBlock data, Ethereum (ETH) seems to have a promising path toward $3,000 and beyond. A potential second weekly breakthrough above $2,800 could trigger further gains, encountering resistance levels at $3,000 and $3,500-3,600.
Avalanche (AVAX) Grows Ecosystem Through Strategic Collaborations
John Wu, the head of Ava Labs, talks about Avalanche’s quick growth in 2023. The number of network addresses almost doubled during this time. Avalanche (AVAX) has a strong ecosystem, with 20 active subnets and more than 80 testnet subnets planned for release, showing its ability to handle a lot of activity and work quickly. Partnering with big companies like Amazon and financial institutions such as JPMorgan and CitiBank boosts Avalanche’s reputation and visibility in the market.
The collaboration with Amazon to provide computing power and storage for emerging crypto companies aligns with Avalanche (AVAX)’s vision of fostering innovation and scalability. Furthermore, partnerships with JPMorgan and CitiBank facilitate the integration of distributed ledger technology, contributing to tokenization and settlement enhancements in traditional finance.
Kelexo (KLXO): Redefining DeFi with KYC-Free Lending and Borrowing
Kelexo’s (KLXO) innovative approach to decentralized finance (DeFi) sets it apart by eliminating KYC requirements and enabling swift and frictionless lending and borrowing activities. The success of Kelexo (KLXO) presale, offering tokens at $0.028, highlights growing confidence in its ability to reshape DeFi norms.
The Web3 Blockchain Peer-to-Peer Marketplace exemplifies Kelexo’s (KLXO) commitment to innovation, offering automation, low transaction fees and rapid processing. The integration of the KLXO Token enhances user experience, providing exclusive opportunities through auctions.
Kelexo (KLXO) promotes openness and trust in lending and borrowing by removing middlemen, aligning with the fundamental principles of decentralized finance (DeFi). With increasing popularity, Kelexo (KLXO) envisions a future for DeFi that prioritizes efficiency and user empowerment.
To sum up, Ethereum (ETH) is seeing progress, the Avalanche (AVAX) community is expanding, and Kelexo’s (KLXO) DeFi method is innovative. These advancements show significant growth in cryptocurrency. As these projects develop and become more popular, they shape decentralized finance, offering new chances for financial empowerment and creativity. It’s wise for investors and supporters to pay attention to these changes as they affect the crypto industry’s future.
Find out more about the Kelexo (KLXO) presale at their official website.
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Avalanche Ethereum Kelexo 
8 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/presale-kelexo-klxo-on-a-bull-run-amidst-ethereum-eth-2-8k-high-while-avalanche-avax-exodus-begins/
"Roman Sterlingov Ran Bitcoin Fog ‘Online Money Laundering Service,’ US Alleges"	Bloomberg.com	4 days ago	A Russian-Swedish national ran a crypto mixing service that served as a critical link in helping move tens of millions of dollars from...		https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-02-13/crypto-launderer-kept-identity-hidden-in-the-fog-us-alleges
Bitcoin Options Show Traders Setting Sights on New Record High	Bloomberg.com	4 days ago	The options market is showing that crypto traders are targeting what would be a new record price for Bitcoin after the largest...		https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-02-13/bitcoin-options-show-traders-setting-sights-on-new-record-high
Bitcoin Weathers Global Market Slump Sparked by Inflation Jump	Bloomberg.com	3 days ago	"Bitcoin climbed past $52000 in a broad cryptocurrency rally that saw Ether, the second-biggest token, advance back to where it was before..."		https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-02-14/bitcoin-btc-weathers-global-market-slump-sparked-by-inflation-jump
Cryptocurrency investors eagerly awaiting SEC ruling on bitcoin ETFs	CNBC	1 month ago	Cryptocurrency investors eagerly awaiting SEC ruling on bitcoin ETFs ... Crypto investors are eagerly awaiting an imminent ruling from the U.S....		https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/05/cryptocurrency-investors-eagerly-await-sec-ruling-on-bitcoin-etfs.html
Bitcoin euphoria is back as investors prepare for the quadrennial 'halving'	9News.com.au	4 days ago	"Bitcoin rose to $US50,000 on Monday for the first time in two years, fuelled by a rush of new-investor enth..."		https://www.9news.com.au/world/bitcoins-prepares-for-quadrennial-halving-after-cryptocurrency-hits-u50k/6ecf4960-1742-46b9-bd63-aafb27d27a13
Cryptocurrency: Is it safe to invest?	Newstalk	23 hours ago	Bobby is joined by Rory Gillen of Gillen Markets & Gary Carvill from the Digital Wealth Group to ...		https://www.newstalk.com/podcasts/down-to-business/cryptocurrency-is-it-safe-to-invest
How To Make $100 a Day Trading Cryptocurrency	GOBankingRates	4 days ago	Earning a steady income from cryptocurrency trading is an exciting prospect for many. Whether you're new to the crypto scene or looking to...		https://www.gobankingrates.com/investing/crypto/how-to-make-100-dollars-a-day-trading-cryptocurrency/
"Internet Computer (ICP) Up 145.2%, Render (RNDR) Climbs 190.5%, Everlodge (ELDG) to Spike After Its Recent ..."	Analytics Insight	9 hours ago	"Internet Computer is up 145.2% year-to-date and has been a massive gainer for earlier investors, and as a result, is still being..."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Internet Computer (ICP) Up 145.2%, Render (RNDR) Climbs 190.5%, Everlodge (ELDG) to Spike After Its Recent Uniswap Listing





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 18, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 















Internet Computer experiences a massive 145.2% increase YTD and can grow to $20


Render rises 190.5% and is projected to spike above the $7 range


Everlodge is now listed on top of Uniswap after growing 190% and can surge by 100x


Internet Computer (ICP) is up 145.2% year-to-date (YTD) and has been a massive gainer for earlier investors, and as a result, is still being accumulated. Yet, it’s not the only altcoin to showcase dominant performance, as Render (RNDR) is also up by 190.5% during the same span of time. 
These traders who hold this crypto have begun diversifying their holdings, where the Everlodge (ELDG) cryptocurrency has picked up the most attention after the completion of its presale and getting listed on Uniswap. Today, we will go over all three to determine which one is the best cryptocurrency to buy today.
Everlodge (ELDG) Listed on Uniswap DEX – Price to 100x
Everlodge (ELDG) aims to democratize access to the $280 trillion real estate market. It will do so through implementing blockchain technology in a way where properties will be minted as non-fungible tokens (NFTs). 
As a result, they can be split into thousands of tiny pieces, each being worth just $100. This way, anyone will be able to build a diversified portfolio with ease and will not be restricted. Historically, investors did not have access to these properties unless they had millions in upfront capital, which made the industry locked only to the elite. 
However, Everlodge already completed its crypto ICO, and can now become a dominant force in the industry. Since its initial launch, it saw a 190% price upswing, providing massive ROI to early investors. Yet, analysts project an even higher rise,100x higher, especially now that it’s listed on the Uniswap DEX. These aspects make it the best cryptocurrency to buy today.
Internet Computer (ICP) Grows 145.2% – How Far Can It Climb in Q4?
Internet Computer (ICP) has showcased bullish performance and could soon reach an even further upswing based on the latest on-chart metrics. Specifically, the Internet Computer price movements indicate that the crypto is up 145.2% year-to-date (YTD). 
Just during the past week, the Internet Computer crypto went up by 13.4% and climbed to a maximum value of $5.12. This breakthrough above the $5 range is a bullish move, which could initiate an even further rally. Based on the Internet Computer price prediction, it can end in 2024 at $20.
Render (RNDR) Rises 190.5% – Price to Reach $7.56
Render (RNDR) is moving upwards in value and has seen a massive 190.5% YTD increase as well, solidifying it as a top contender in the Web3 space, which can compete with even larger projects. 
The Render price has gone up by 30.9% during the past month as well, and just during the previous week, it moved up from $4.34 to $5.12. In addition, according to the Render price prediction, it can end 2024 at $7.56.
For more information about Everlodge (ELDG) please visit their website.
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Everlodge Internet Computer Render 
8 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/internet-computer-icp-up-145-2-render-rndr-climbs-190-5-everlodge-eldg-to-spike-after-its-recent-uniswap-listing/
How to handle cryptocurrency on tax returns	Investment Executive	6 days ago	"The Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) provides information on cryptoasset taxation, but uncertainty remains on how certain transactions are taxed..."		https://www.investmentexecutive.com/newspaper_/news-newspaper/how-to-handle-cryptocurrency-on-tax-returns/
"Bitcoin Tops 52,000: 5 ETFs Leading the Rally"	Yahoo Finance	2 days ago	"Bitcoin, the world's largest cryptocurrency, surged past the $52000 mark for the first time since December 2021. The surge primarily came on..."		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bitcoin-tops-52-000-5-150500753.html
NFTs vs. cryptocurrency: Key differences and how they work	TechTarget	11-Sep-23	Cryptocurrency is an encrypted form of digital currency that relies on blockchain technology and doesn't depend on financial institutions to...		https://www.techtarget.com/whatis/feature/Compare-NFTs-vs-cryptocurrency-vs-digital-currency
"Explaining Bitcoin's Rally: What Catapulted It Beyond $50,000"	Yahoo Finance	1 day ago	"It's hard to believe, but after a remarkable surge to start 2024, Bitcoin (CRYPTO: BTC) is within striking distance of a new all-time high."		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/explaining-bitcoins-rally-catapulted-beyond-221921675.html
"Northeast Ohio man falls victim to $1.3 million cryptocurrency scam, FBI says"	Cleveland.com	5 days ago	"A Northeast Ohio man lost $1.3 million in a cryptocurrency scam, according to the FBI."		https://www.cleveland.com/court-justice/2024/02/northeast-ohio-man-falls-victim-to-13-million-cryptocurrency-scam-fbi-says.html
Cryptocurrency and Terrorism Financing: Correcting the Record	Chainalysis	18-Oct-23	"Given blockchain technology's inherent transparency and the often public nature of terrorism financing campaigns, cryptocurrency is not an..."		https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/cryptocurrency-terrorism-financing-accuracy-check/
How to Create a Cryptocurrency Dashboard in Power BI?	Analytics Insight	5 days ago	Learn how to use Power BI and CoinMarketCap API to create a dynamic dashboard that tracks your cryptocurrency portfolio and market trends.	"CryptocurrencyLatest News How to Create a Cryptocurrency Dashboard in Power BI?





 Parvin Mohmad 
 
February 12, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 












Here is how you can create a cryptocurrency dashboard in Power BI
Cryptocurrencies have emerged as a significant player in the global financial landscape, and with the ever-increasing interest in this digital asset class, the need for effective data visualization has become more crucial than ever. Power BI, a powerful business analytics tool by Microsoft, offers a robust platform for creating dynamic and insightful dashboards. In this article, we will walk you through the process of creating a comprehensive cryptocurrency dashboard in Power BI, enabling you to analyze and track the performance of various digital assets in real time.
Step 1: Data Collection and Preparation
Before diving into Power BI, it’s essential to gather the data you want to visualize. Cryptocurrency data can be obtained from various sources, including APIs provided by cryptocurrency exchanges, financial news platforms, or public datasets. Popular APIs like CoinGecko, CoinMarketCap, or CryptoCompare provide a wealth of data on cryptocurrency prices, market capitalization, trading volumes, and more.
Once you’ve collected your data, it’s time to clean and prepare it for analysis. Power BI works best with structured data, so ensure that your dataset is organized and free of inconsistencies. You may need to transform the data using Power BI’s Power Query Editor to handle missing values, format dates, and ensure the dataset aligns with your visualization goals.
Step 2: Import Data into Power BI
Open Power BI Desktop and start a new project. In the Home tab, click on “Get Data” to import your prepared dataset. Choose the appropriate data source (CSV, Excel, API, etc.), and follow the prompts to load your cryptocurrency data into Power BI.
Step 3: Designing the Data Model
Once your data has been imported, it is time to build a data model. The data model defines the relationships between different tables in your dataset. In the “Data” view, you can drag and drop fields to create relationships, linking tables based on common keys such as cryptocurrency symbols or dates. A well-defined data model is crucial for building accurate and insightful visualizations.
Step 4: Creating Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
Identify the key metrics you want to track on your cryptocurrency dashboard. Common KPIs include price trends, market capitalization, trading volumes, and percentage changes over time. Use Power BI’s DAX (Data Analysis Expressions) language to create calculated columns and measures that will serve as the foundation for your visualizations. DAX allows you to perform complex calculations on your dataset, enhancing the depth of your analysis.
Step 5: Building Visualizations
Power BI offers a wide range of visualization options, allowing you to create compelling and interactive dashboards. Choose visualizations that best represent your data and insights. Common cryptocurrency visualizations include line charts for price trends, pie charts for market distribution, and tables displaying real-time data. Utilize the “Visualization” pane to customize colors, labels, and other formatting options.
Consider incorporating features like slicers to enable users to filter data dynamically. For example, users may want to focus on specific cryptocurrencies, time ranges, or market segments. Slicers enhance the interactivity of your dashboard, providing a more personalized and dynamic user experience.
Step 6: Real-Time Data Updates
Cryptocurrency markets are highly dynamic, with prices changing rapidly. Power BI allows you to set up real-time data updates to ensure your dashboard reflects the latest information. If your data source provides real-time capabilities, you can configure Power BI to refresh your dataset at regular intervals. This feature ensures that your cryptocurrency dashboard stays current, providing users with real-time insights into market trends.
Step 7: Implementing Drill-Downs and Details
To enhance the depth of your analysis, consider implementing drill-down features that allow users to explore specific details. For instance, you can create a drill-down from a high-level market overview to individual cryptocurrency profiles, providing users with detailed information about a particular digital asset. Power BI enables you to build hierarchical structures within your dashboard, allowing for seamless navigation between different levels of data.
Step 8: Sharing and Collaborating
Once your cryptocurrency dashboard is complete, it’s time to share your insights with stakeholders. Power BI offers various sharing options, including exporting visuals, creating interactive reports, and publishing dashboards to the Power BI service. You can share your dashboard with colleagues or clients, allowing them to interact with the data and gain insights collaboratively.
Conclusion:
Creating a cryptocurrency dashboard in Power BI is a powerful way to analyze and visualize the dynamic world of digital assets. By following these steps – from data collection and preparation to building visualizations and implementing real-time updates – you can unlock valuable insights into cryptocurrency trends, market performance, and user behaviour.
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Coinmarketcap Cryptocurrency Dashboard Cryptocurrency Dashboard in Power BI Microsoft Power BI 
96 Views 1 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/how-to-create-a-cryptocurrency-dashboard-in-power-bi/
12 more people added as defendants in Denver church cryptocurrency scam	9News	5 days ago	"Eli and Kaitlyn Regalado allegedly created and promoted a cryptocurrency called INDXcoin within Christian communities promising wealth,..."		https://www.9news.com/article/news/local/denver-church-cryptocurrency-scam-case/73-6408244f-aea5-491e-b0a1-136302e096a5
"Crypto Price on February 14: Bitcoin falls below $50,000 level after hot CPI data cools bets for Fed cuts"	The Economic Times	4 days ago	"Bitcoin was trading 0.8% lower at $49617, while Ethereum was down 0.12% at $2645 in afternoon trade. The global cryptocurrency m-cap..."		https://m.economictimes.com/markets/cryptocurrency/crypto-price-on-february-14-bitcoin-falls-below-50000-level-after-hot-cpi-data-cools-bets-for-fed-cuts/articleshow/107684566.cms
Bitcoin Predictions: Charting the Future of Cryptocurrency	FinanceFeeds	4 days ago	"Bitcoin predictions have become a hot topic among investors and analysts, offering insights into the potential future movements of the..."		https://financefeeds.com/bitcoin-predictions-charting-the-future-of-cryptocurrency/
Future of decentralized: How cryptocurrency intersects with technological innovation	Devdiscourse	1 day ago	"Despite regulatory hiccups, the convergence of cryptocurrency and technology can reshape industries and revolutionize financial systems."		https://www.devdiscourse.com/article/business/2831529-future-of-decentralized-how-cryptocurrency-intersects-with-technological-innovation
Crypto and Money Laundering: Key Focus in Upcoming House Hearing	CoinGape	2 days ago	The House Financial Services Committee is poised to address the intersection of cryptocurrency and illicit finance in a crucial hearing...		https://coingape.com/crypto-and-money-laundering-key-focus-in-upcoming-house-hearing/
Revolut to Introduce Crypto Exchange Targeting 'Advanced Traders'	CoinDesk	1 day ago	"Digital bank Revolut is testing a beta version of a cryptocurrency exchange targeted at ""advanced traders."" The exchange will offer lower..."		https://www.coindesk.com/business/2024/02/16/revolut-to-introduce-crypto-exchange-targeting-advanced-traders/
Coinbase rides bitcoin ETF frenzy to first quarterly profit in 2 years	Yahoo Finance	2 days ago	"Coinbase posted its first quarterly profit in two years, marking a potential turning point for the largest US cryptocurrency exchange."		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coinbase-rides-bitcoin-etf-frenzy-to-first-quarterly-profit-in-2-years-230117695.html
Crypto News: What is happening in the World of Cryptocurrency? – Forbes Advisor Australia	Forbes	18-Oct-23	"The latest updates on exchanges, crypto movements, fall-outs, the price of Bitcoin and more."		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/au/investing/cryptocurrency/crypto-news-australia/
Indonesia Launches World's First State-Backed Cryptocurrency Bourse	ASEAN Briefing	25-Jul-23	Indonesia launches the world's first state-backed cryptocurrency bourse as part of its aim to strengthen the regulatory environment for this...	"Indonesia Launches World’s First State-Backed Cryptocurrency Bourse

July 25, 2023
Posted by ASEAN Briefing
Written by 

                                          Ayman Falak Medina

Reading Time:   3 minutes

On July 20, 2023, Indonesia officially launched the world’s first state-backed cryptocurrency bourse, supervised by the Commodities Futures Trading Supervisory Agency. Local company PT Kliring Berjangka Indonesia was appointed as the futures clearing house for the settlement of crypto assets while another local company, PT Tennet Depository Indonesia, was appointed as the crypto asset storage manager.
The new bourse will list licensed cryptocurrency companies, such as Binance, Ripple, Ethereum, Tether, and Bitcoin.
Through the bourse, the Indonesian government is aiming to strengthen the regulatory environment for the country’s booming cryptocurrency sector and develop a safe and fair crypto trading ecosystem. Although the government currently prohibits the use of cryptocurrencies as a payment medium, the government does allow investments in cryptocurrency. According to the Commodities Futures Trading Supervisory Agency, Indonesia has an estimated 17 million cryptocurrency users.
Increasing cryptocurrency transaction volume
Indonesia saw crypto trading reach US$56 billion in 2021, a significant increase from the US$4.6 billion recorded in 2020. This increase was attributed to Indonesian regulators permitting cryptocurrencies to be traded as commodities in 2019 as well as the investment boom during the height of the pandemic in 2021. The crypto volume traded in 2021 reached US$19 billion and US$4.42 billion during the first half of 2023. The dampening demand in crypto was influenced by rising interest rates in recent months.
New regulatory changes to Indonesia’s cryptocurrency sector
The Commodities Futures Trading Supervisory Agency issued Regulation 8/2022 in November 2022, under which businesses need to obtain a crypto exchange provider (CEP) license. The new requirements for a CEP enterprise are as follows:

Have a minimum paid-up capital of 100 billion rupiah (US$6.6 million);
Maintain equity of at least 50 billion (US$3.3 million);
Possess an online trading platform that can facilitate the trading of crypto assets linked to futures clearing institutions and future exchanges;
The company must have an organizational structure that includes the following divisions;

Audit;
Legal;
IT;
Customer service;
Accounting and finance; and
 


Must have at least one employee who is a Certified Information Systems Security Professional;
A CEP holder can only own up to 20 percent of another CEP’s shares;
Foreign ownership is only allowed for one CEP or prospective CEP;
The CEP must have at least three board of Directors, of which two-thirds must be Indonesian citizens;
The CEP must have at least three boards of Commissioners, of which two-thirds must be Indonesian citizens; and
The CEP must submit periodic reports, business plan reports, and business achievement reports to the Commodities Futures Trading Supervisory Agency.

Notably, the Commodities Futures Trading Supervisory Agency will not issue a license if the business does not establish a local entity in Indonesia.
Opportunities in Indonesia’s financial technology sector
Indonesia’s fintech industry is one of the most competitive and dynamic in Southeast Asia, having produced four unicorns and one decacorn so far.
The fintech industry is one of the most funded sectors in the country — along with e-commerce — and is dominated by peer-to-peer (P2P) lending (50 percent) and e-payment (23 percent) platforms. Despite having hundreds of fintech companies operating in Indonesia, foreign investors will find the industry has yet to fulfill its potential. One of the factors is that 60 percent of the country’s workforce is in the informal sector, and many micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs) have little access to financing from banks, as they too are mostly operating in the informal sector.
According to the e-Conomy South East Asia Report of 2022, Indonesia accounts for 40 percent of the total US$77 billion in digital transactions in Southeast Asia.
P2P lending
Many local MSMEs have business models that are not compatible with the characteristics of the banking sector’s financial products. That includes aspects such as payment terms for loan schemes, forms of collateral, and credit quality, among others.
Foreign fintech firms can plug this gap through new financing models that have the potential to serve Indonesia’s 47 million underbanked and 92 million unbanked adults. As of 2020, P2P lending reached US$7.7 billion from over 102 fintech companies officially listed by the Financial Services Authority (OJK). This covered over 26 million borrowers throughout the country.
E-wallets
Electronic money transactions rose by 173 percent in 2020 and have become indispensable to Indonesian consumers. The country is predicted to be the next battleground for digital payment apps, with Indonesia possessing many of the key characteristics critical for adopting digital payment systems.
Some 196 million people in Indonesia have access to the internet and the smartphone penetration rate is 60 percent; above the ASEAN region’s 51 percent. Moreover, the middle class now comprises 20 percent of the population, a key segment in the growth of the digital economy.
For foreign investors in the e-wallet industry, it is essential that they deliver a customer-centric experience to allow customers to pay with the local payment method of their choice, ranging from mobile banking to payments via convenience stores. This is because while Indonesia has a high smartphone penetration rate, a sizeable portion of its population is unbanked.


About Us
ASEAN Briefing is produced by Dezan Shira & Associates. The firm assists foreign investors throughout Asia and maintains offices throughout ASEAN, including in Singapore, Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, and Da Nang in Vietnam, in addition to Jakarta, in Indonesia. We also have partner firms in Malaysia, the Philippines, and Thailand as well as our practices in China and India. Please contact us at asean@dezshira.com or visit our website at www.dezshira.com.



Previous Article
Business Incentives for Foreign Investors in Singapore


Next Article
Cambodia’s New Rules of Origin Law to Better Facilitate International Trade"	https://www.aseanbriefing.com/news/indonesia-launches-worlds-first-state-backed-cryptocurrency-bourse/
Is Shiba Inu Still a Ticket to Crypto Millionaire Status?	Analytics Insight	5 days ago	"Shiba Inu is all set to introduce its layer-2 solution, Shibarium which will fortify this popular meme coin and increase its value."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Is Shiba Inu Still a Ticket to Crypto Millionaire Status?





 Meghmala 
 
February 13, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













Is It Possible to Become a Millionaire with Shiba Inus?
Shiba Inu (SHIB 1.49%) has produced several millionaires in the past. In 2021, the well-known meme token had an approximate 45,000,000% increase. As Shiba Inu’s value surged, an increasing number of investors gravitated into this cryptocurrency, hoping to become wealthy as well.
Let’s start by discussing Shiba Inu’s recent, remarkable rise to fame. In August 2020, a mystery inventor going by the name Ryoshi launched Shiba Inu.
According to its whitepaper, the token was created as an “experiment in decentralized spontaneous community building.” And it’s been really successful in those senses. Devoted supporters, known as the Shib Army, have backed Shiba Inu on social media and think the coin has the potential to revolutionize the cryptocurrency industry.
You may be wondering now what makes Shiba Inu different from the multitude of other cryptocurrencies available. That’s not much, to answer. And that is the main issue with Shiba Inus. Essentially, the cryptocurrency is an Ethereum-based payment token. In order to create passive income, investors can also stake their holdings.
Therefore, in comparison to blockchains that provide a multitude of applications, such as the development of decentralized apps (dApps) and non-fungible tokens (NFTs), Shiba Inu doesn’t seem all that intriguing.
But there’s more positive news on the way. With the upcoming introduction of Shibarium, a layer-2 solution, Shiba Inu plans to liberate the coin from some of the constraints it now suffers on Ethereum. Shibarium is expected to enable consumers to create chain-specific NFTs and produce Shiba Inu more quickly and affordably. Additionally, Shibarium will increase Shiba Inu’s visibility in the metaverse and gaming apps.
Over the past year, Shiba Inu has repeatedly postponed the release. However, some people claim that the Shibarium beta might go live as early as next week. A possible launch may provide Shiba Inu with an immediate boost.
Let’s discuss how investing in Shiba Inus can increase your chances of becoming a billionaire. Indeed, Shiba Inu ought to be a more valuable asset now that Shibarium has been launched than it was during its 2021 boom. However, that does not imply that Shiba Inu will even approach to duplicate such gains.
In 2021, the market for cryptocurrencies surged beyond US$3 trillion as a result of investor interest in this promising emerging industry. Investors may view cryptocurrency participants more critically in the future and in the present. The cryptocurrency that wins will probably stick out from the competition.
Regarding Shiba Inu in particular, the cryptocurrency has two issues: the previously noted problem of restricted usage and an even more serious one that might prevent it from making substantial progress. That is an enormous amount of tokens. Efforts to burn coins could not even be sufficient to make a dent in the about 549 trillion supply.
Of said, Shiba Inu, which is now selling at a penny on the dollar, may yet increase in value to give investors who purchase a sizable share in the token a respectable return. However, I don’t think a possible gain would endure, and I advise against buying a sizable investment in a hazardous asset like Shiba Inus.
Shiba Inus isn’t the greatest option for a “make-me-a-millionaire” portfolio because of all of this. Investing in a selection of reliable equities and potent cryptocurrencies that stand out from the crowd is a superior strategy. Not even this will ensure millions. However, it ought to put you on the correct path for long-term, substantial gains.
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
dApps Layer 2 solution NFTs Shiba Inu Shibarium 
61 Views 1 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/is-shiba-inu-still-a-ticket-to-crypto-millionaire-status/
How To Trade Cryptocurrency – Forbes Advisor UK	Forbes	28-Nov-23	"To make trades with crypto assets, investors need to provide their public and private keys. They can't authorise a trade without these long..."		https://www.forbes.com/uk/advisor/investing/cryptocurrency/how-to-trade-cryptocurrency/
"Bitcoin surges to $US50,000 for first time in two years"	9News.com.au	5 days ago	"B﻿itcoin, the world's largest cryptocurrency, has hit the $US50,000 mark for the first time in two years."		https://www.9news.com.au/world/bitcoin-hits-us50k-for-first-time-in-two-years/c956ae41-76d0-4a4c-aa0c-5c6ee7e34871
Forget Shiba Inu: This Cryptocurrency Is Poised for an Incredible Run	The Motley Fool	4 days ago	"Unlike meme coin Shiba Inu, Chainlink provides real utility and is at the center of several major transformative trends."		https://www.fool.com/investing/2024/02/13/forget-shiba-inu-this-cryptocurrency-is-a-winner/
Modi calls for global governance of cryptocurrency and AI at World Governments Summit	The National	4 days ago	Indian Prime Minister appears to set out pre-election campaign at Dubai event.		https://www.thenationalnews.com/uae/2024/02/14/modi-calls-for-global-governance-of-cryptocurrency-and-ai-at-world-governments-summit/
"QCP Capital: New Bitcoin All-Time High Coming By March-End, Thanks to Bitcoin ETFs"	CoinGape	3 days ago	"QCP Capital reports that amid massive Bitcoin ETF inflows and bullish derivative calls, the BTC price can touch new all-time high by March..."		https://coingape.com/qcp-capital-bitcoin-all-time-high-spot-bitcoin-etfs/
"Signal Behind Shiba Inu’s 1600% Surge Points to New Cryptocurrency Pandoshi with Silent Build-Up of 10,000 ..."	Finbold	3 days ago	"The cryptocurrency market has seen massive growth in recent years, with new projects emerging to improve on existing cryptocurrencies."		https://finbold.com/signal-behind-shiba-inus-1600-surge-points-to-new-cryptocurrency-pandoshi-with-silent-build-up-of-10000-holders-before-expected-boom/
Stealth Address (Cryptocurrency): Meaning and Concerns	Investopedia	1 month ago	What Is a Stealth Address? A cryptocurrency stealth address is a one-time wallet address used to create more anonymity in cryptocurrency...	"Trending Videos








   What Is a Stealth Address?  

A cryptocurrency stealth address is a one-time wallet address used to create more anonymity in cryptocurrency transactions. Because cryptocurrency wallet addresses are publicly available, transactions can be traced to that address. If your name or other information is somehow associated publicly with your wallet address, transactions can be traced to you. A stealth address acts as a proxy for your wallet address, acting as an extra layer of anonymity.





Key Takeaways

Stealth addresses are a technique for obscuring public blockchain transactions by generating one-time addresses for each transaction.Blockchain networks involve pseudonymous transactions, meaning once personal information is linked to a cryptocurrency key, transactions using that key can be traced on the blockchain.Stealth addresses have grown in popularity due, in part, to concerns about hackers gaining access to digital wallets and stealing cryptocurrency coins.Stealth addresses have faced scrutiny from regulators and tax authorities since they can be used for illicit activities.


   Understanding Stealth Addresses  

A blockchain network is a distributed ledger similar to a shared database containing the recipient and sender's address and the transaction amount. All network participants can view this information. This is not inherently bad, but an active observer with intent can trace transactions and possibly identify parties involved.



A standard cryptocurrency transaction needs two addresses—one from each party. The transaction does not include information about address owners because the network does not record it. This lack of this data is the crucial factor behind the anonymity that should be inherent to cryptocurrency.



However, transactions are pseudonymous. The identity protection features of blockchain technology are not 100% anonymous because transactions can be tracked to the addresses involved in them. If an address owner's information is discovered, the address no longer provides anonymity.



As an example of the benefits of a stealth address, if you wish to raise funds for a charity in cryptocurrency, you may need to provide the public address to which cryptocurrency funds can be sent. This will associate your wallet address with your name, allowing others to track your transactions. They can also track where you send the funds you raise.






Stealth addresses are a deceptive tactic, like using a post office box to hide your home address. They provide an extra layer of security for cryptocurrency users.



If you were to generate a stealth address for your charity-raising needs, you could have funds sent to that address without revealing your personal wallet address.


   How Is a Stealth Address Different?  

In a typical cryptocurrency transaction, the sender uses the recipient's wallet address to send funds. A wallet address is a public address that can be tracked. Peter Todd proposed stealth addresses in 2014 to deal with rising concerns over this ability.



When you use a stealth address, the blockchain records the transaction and enters the proxy address—this is what hides your public address. A stealth address can be created using different protocols or mechanisms within a cryptocurrency wallet if it supports it.



There are several different mechanisms for creating stealth addresses. For example, Monero uses ring signatures and RingCT—decoy output addresses and masked addresses—to make it difficult to trace the sender. This is a technique designed to confuse would-be trackers while using stealth addresses.


   Concerns About Stealth Addresses  

Considering the ability of stealth addresses to confuse trackers and boost anonymity for honest cryptocurrency users, they're also an attractive option for users with dishonest or nefarious intentions.






It's important to note that most cryptocurrency users are honest ones. Chainalysis, a blockchain data analysis company, found that only 0.12% of cryptocurrency transactions were used for illicit activity in 2021 and .24% in 2022. By mid-2023, crypto crime was down $5.5 billion from 2022.



With that in mind, regulatory agencies, tax authorities, and governments are developing methods to discover dishonest cryptocurrency users. For example, both privacy coins and stealth addresses have been used to avoid taxes. The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) responded by initiating Operation Hidden Treasure, designed to crack down on tax evasion by cryptocurrency users.



The Department of Justice announced in October 2021 that it had created the National Cryptocurrency Enforcement Team, designed to investigate illegal activity funded by cryptocurrency.




How Do Monero Stealth Addresses Work?
Monero uses a three-tier system for privacy: ring transactions, stealth addresses, and RingCT, which act together to place your address behind another and confuse any would-be trackers.




What Is a Wallet Address?
Your wallet address is the publicly available string of numbers that act as an address for others to send cryptocurrency to.




What Does a Cryptocurrency Address Look Like?
Depending on the cryptocurrency you use, your address is a string of alphanumeric characters. For example, an address might look like 12dRugNcdxK39288NjcDV4GX7rMsKCGn6B.


   The Bottom Line  

Cryptocurrency stealth addresses are blockchain addresses that are different from your actual wallet address. The intent behind them is to attempt to provide or enhance the anonymity that blockchain is supposed to possess.



The comments, opinions, and analyses expressed on Investopedia are for informational purposes only. Read our warranty and liability disclaimer for more info. As of the date this article was written, the author owns/does not own cryptocurrency."	https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/stealth-address-cryptocurrency.asp
Best Online Brokers For Buying And Selling Cryptocurrency In January 2024	Bankrate	2 weeks ago	Overview: Best brokers for cryptocurrency trading in February 2024 · Robinhood · Interactive Brokers · Webull · TradeStation · Binance.US.		https://www.bankrate.com/investing/best-online-brokers-cryptocurrency-trading/
How to Store Cryptocurrency in 2024	Investopedia	30-May-23	"You can store large amounts of cryptocurrencies by any storage method, but storing them in cold wallets is best. Cold wallets are the most..."	"As a newbie getting started with cryptocurrency investments, one of the first things you must consider is how to buy and store cryptocurrency safely. Knowing how and where to store your crypto before pressing the “buy” button is essential so your crypto investment journey doesn’t suffer an early setback. One thing to note is that you can't store cryptocurrencies in a regular bank account; they have to be stored in a crypto wallet. You have to choose a storage option that is both secure and accessible. Any mistakes can have consequences as significant as losing your entire crypto stash. In 2021, Stefan Thomas, a programmer and Bitcoin enthusiast lost 7,002 Bitcoins (BTC), now worth about $203 million, because he couldn't remember his wallet password. To help you avoid a similar disaster, this crypto storage guide will explore the many storage options and the factors to consider before choosing an option that meets your preferred safety, security, and accessibility needs.


   How to Store Cryptocurrency  

You need a wallet to store cryptocurrency. A crypto wallet is a device or program that keeps your crypto assets, private keys, and various wallet addresses (public keys) all in the same place. 


  Steps Required to Store Cryptocurrency   

When you purchase a crypto asset, you’ll need somewhere safe to keep it. Most crypto investors leave their crypto on the exchange where they bought the asset. These exchanges provide free hot wallets with little or no setup required, but you’ll need an account with the exchange to gain access to these wallets.  


  Steps to Storing Cryptocurrency in an Exchange  

Step 1: Check out several crypto exchanges. You want to go with an exchange that supports a wide range of cryptos, has a good user experience (UX), and is supported in your country.
Step 2: Open an account with your preferred exchange. Account opening usually takes around five minutes. However, you’ll need to satisfy the exchange's know your customer (KYC) requirements.
Step 3: Complete the KYC requirements. Submit personal information like an email address, phone number, and legal name. You may be asked to provide a utility bill, government-issued ID, or other supporting documents to verify you’re a real person.
Step 4: Deposit your crypto. You can safely store your crypto after setting up your wallet. Depositing crypto requires a wallet address, often within your preferred crypto's transaction page. To get the wallet address you need, simply search for a string of 40 alphanumeric characters anywhere on the screen or initiate a deposit transaction and it should appear.


   Best Cryptocurrency Exchanges  









Company 
Transaction Fees
Currencies
Minimum Deposit or Purchase




Kraken
0.00% to 0.26%
185+
$1


Coinbase
0.00% to 0.60%
200+
$2


Crypto.com
0.00% to 0.075%
250+
$1





  Steps to Storing Cryptocurrency in Cold Storage  

Step 1: Buy a cold storage device. We recommend a portable device with Bluetooth connectivity.Step 2: Download the corresponding software on your PC. Most cold wallets come as USB drives or small devices and might need help to connect to your phone directly. Step 3: Save your recovery (seed) phrase. Make sure you can remember this phrase at all times. If you forget it, your cold wallet could format itself after multiple failed attempts, causing you to lose all your crypto. Recovery phrases are crucial and MUST be kept safe. Only your seed phrase can save you if you forget your pin or password.Step 4: Create a new wallet address. For each new crypto you wish to store, you’ll use this address to send crypto from your other wallet to your cold wallet.Step 5: Send your crypto to the corresponding address on your cold storage wallet. Be sure to check that you’re sending your crypto to the correct address. Sending crypto to the wrong address, for example, sending Bitcoin to an Ethereum address, might result in the permanent loss of the asset.


   Best Cold Wallets  









Company 
Type of Wallet
Purchase Cost
Incorporated Exchange




Trezor Model T
Cold
$219
Yes 


Ledger Nano X
Cold
$149
Yes





  Steps to Storing Cryptocurrency in a Hot Wallet  

Step 1: Set up your preferred wallet. Setting up an account usually takes 10 to 15 minutes, and most wallets require a steady internet connection during onboarding.Step 2: Go through KYC. KYC is mandatory for many hot wallets, although some allow you to skip this process and do it later. Step 3: Check if your preferred hot wallet is ready. Some wallets don't require additional actions to set up a hot wallet for individual cryptos, while others require adding the cryptocurrency you wish to store/use manually. To do this, you need to search and click “add.”Step 4: Deposit your crypto. You can now give your wallet address to anyone who wants to send you crypto.


   Best Hot Wallets  










Company 
Type of Wallet
Purchase Cost
Incorporated Exchange
Compatible Hardware




Electrum
Hot
Free
No
Yes


Exodus
Hot
Free
Yes
Yes


Mycelium
Hot
Free
Yes
Yes





  Steps to Storing Cryptocurrency in a Paper Wallet   

Step 1: Access a computer you’re sure is free from any malware. If you can afford it, get a new personal computer for this step. The reason is that generating paper wallet credentials with an infected computer makes your wallet vulnerable and unsafe for crypto. Step 2: Visit a paper wallet generator site. These free sites can help you generate the credentials you need, such as the private and public keys, in seconds. Step 3: Generate an address. Select the number of addresses you want to generate and click “generate.” Some sites can generate up to 10,000 addresses at once. Step 4: Print out your paper wallet. Since you want to preserve your crypto offline, one common method is to print out the wallet and fold it with the crypto address showing outside while the private key is in the inner flap. This will make it more difficult for someone to view your private key at a glance. Step 5: Send crypto to your paper wallet. After sending your crypto, keep the wallet in a secure location, away from potentially damaging elements like moisture and heat. Since crypto is virtual, you can send crypto to any wallet, whether paper, digital or physical, as long as you have an address to use.


   What You Need to Open a Cryptocurrency Account   

Opening a cryptocurrency account is quick if you have the necessary details. A few wallets even allow you to open multiple user accounts on the same wallet. Remember, you'll need to provide the necessary KYC details; these details help exchanges and wallets keep money laundering and other financial crimes in check. 


  Research the Cryptocurrency Account  

Running background checks before you sign up with an exchange/wallet is crucial. These checks save you a lot of headaches and prevent you from falling into the hands of scammers posing as legitimate business owners. The first place to look is the company's website. There are several questions to ask, including:



Does the website look suspicious? Does the URL correspond with the company's name? Who runs the exchange? 



Although many things are anonymous in the crypto space, owners of wallets/companies rarely are. If you’re satisfied with the company’s website authenticity, head to social media to check out its official social media handles. Also, pay attention to any red flags and listen to what other people are saying about the company. Do a lot of people say it’s inefficient? 


  Sign Up   

To use a cryptocurrency wallet/exchange for the first time, you need to sign up with some details and documents to give the exchange some background information on you. Here is the information most exchanges require:



NameDate of birthEmail addressPhone numberHome addressSocial Security numberDriver’s license or passport


   Understand the Basics  

Since cryptocurrency is money, it needs to be kept safe: away from hackers, scammers, and other bad actors. If these people get ahold of your crypto, they can send it to another wallet or sell it for money, leaving you with nothing. In choosing a crypto wallet storage option, consider one with a security system that makes it difficult for anyone to hack your wallet and steal your assets. 



There are different types of secure wallet options you can go with, including crypto exchanges, cold storage wallets, paper wallets, and hot crypto wallets. If you want to access your crypto more quickly, choose either a crypto exchange or hot crypto wallet. If you’d like to focus more on security and storing cryptocurrency offline, cold storage or paper wallets  are ideal options.


  Cryptocurrency Exchange   

A crypto exchange is an application that lets you access crypto and carry out crypto-related transactions. Most wallets are free to download but involve a transaction fee for sending or selling cryptocurrency. Coinbase, Binance, and Kraken are all popular examples of cryptocurrency exchanges.


  Cold Storage Wallet  

A cold storage wallet is a type of wallet not connected to the internet. With these types of wallets, your crypto is safe from hackers, so these are ideal for storing large amounts of cryptocurrency. Many users go for Trezor and Ledger. 


  Hot Crypto Wallet   

Unlike a cold wallet, a hot crypto wallet is connected to the internet. That means you need an internet connection to access your crypto. Although these wallets are more susceptible to hacks, they make accessing your crypto frequently for transactions easier. Numerous hot crypto wallets are available on the market today, but Guarda and Mycelium are good picks based on security.


  Paper Wallets  

Although paper wallets are now phasing out, they‘re still practical for storing cryptocurrencies. A typical paper wallet contains your private keys and your address printed on it. Paper wallets are relatively safe, but if the paper gets stolen or goes missing, the thief could easily read your keys and take your crypto, or you lose your crypto forever.


   Know the Risks  

No cryptocurrency storage method is 100% safe, even with the various security measures. 


  Risks of Storing Cryptocurrency in an Exchange   

Storing your crypto on an exchange is often regarded as the easiest way to keep it, but you can also quickly lose it to hackers. If your exchange gets attacked, you could permanently lose your crypto, even though your passwords and private keys are safe.


  Risks of a Cold Storage Wallet  

Typically, cold storage is the safest way to store your crypto away from online hacks and security breaches. But you can also lose your crypto, especially if you lose your device or it gets stolen. Furthermore, water or fire damage can permanently cause your crypto to go down the drain, especially if you did not back up your seed phrase.


  Risks of a Hot Crypto Wallet   

Hot crypto wallets pose almost the same risk as storing crypto on exchanges. However, they’re relatively safer. If your device gets hacked or you accidentally install malware, your wallet could be completely drained.


  Risks of a Paper Wallet  

Your paper wallet is highly vulnerable to physical damage or wear and tear. These wallets are pretty inexpensive, but they‘re easy prey for attackers. The attacker only needs to get a hold of the paper to rob you. So, even if you have copies of the paper wallet, it doesn't help much since your private keys are on any copy you print out or keep in your device’s storage as a soft copy.


   Factors to Consider When Opening a Cryptocurrency Account   

Security:  Review an exchange’s security features before setting up an account. We recommend you go with one that offers two-factor authentication or an additional security measure to the usual password feature. 



Fees: Many exchanges charge a small fee for sending, selling, or buying cryptocurrencies. If you would like to trade cryptocurrency often, your best bet is to go with an exchange with moderately low fees to save you the extra money spent on charges. 



Number and quality of supported cryptocurrencies for options trading: If your goal is to trade a variety of crypto assets, you will need to choose an exchange that offers more than just BTC and Ethereum (ETH).



Storage and custody: Using a custodial storage option like a hot crypto wallet is better if you're not too good with keeping passwords and passphrases. These options keep your crypto for you and can help you recover your password if you forget it. 



Customer service: Although many exchanges have a customer care center or an email to reach them in case of issues, it’s preferable to go for one with a live chat option. Those have faster reply times and can be convenient for wallet-related emergencies.


   FAQs  


How Do You Store Large Amounts of Cryptocurrency?
You can store large amounts of cryptocurrencies by any storage method, but storing them in cold wallets is best. Cold wallets are the most secure option and can store any amount of cryptocurrencies for a long time.




Can You Store Cryptocurrency Offline?
You can store cryptocurrency online as well as offline. Offline storage options include cold storage wallets and paper wallets. These days, people rarely use paper wallets. You should get a solid, secure cold wallet to keep your crypto offline.




Are Cryptocurrency Exchanges Safe?
Cryptocurrency exchanges are not entirely safe. An exchange can easily be hacked, and your wallet might be part of the unfortunate ones affected. You should store crypto on exchanges mostly if you make a lot of crypto transactions or trade crypto.




Can You Store Multiple Cryptocurrencies in One Wallet?
Yes, you can store multiple cryptocurrencies in one wallet. Many cryptocurrency wallets and exchanges automatically create separate wallets for as many cryptocurrencies as they support. In a few cases, you’ll have to manually add a new wallet for the new crypto you want to store. The best wallet to store all cryptocurrency would be a cold, portable and secure one.




What Are the Different Types of Cryptocurrency Exchanges?
Centralized A centralized exchange is a cryptocurrency trading platform where you buy, sell, and transfer crypto with the help of an intermediary (the exchange). These exchanges help you with crypto transactions for a fee; however, your crypto might be used by the exchange for personal uses, which is what happened with FTX. To access an account with a centralized exchange via the web, you’ll need a password or PIN most times. With apps, you can open your account regularly with little or no security.DecentralizedDecentralized exchanges (DEXs) are created to eliminate the control and need for a middle entity. Instead, they run on smart contracts and do not hold your crypto for you. With DEXs, the exchange cannot access your crypto and misappropriate it. To use these types of exchanges, you must hold your crypto separately in another wallet and connect it to the decentralized exchange (DEX) when you want to transact. When you’re done, immediately disconnect your wallet from the site for security reasons. Although decentralized exchanges are harder to use, they are more private and can help you transact anonymously, as they don’t require KYC. Hybrids A hybrid exchange combines the features of both centralized and decentralized exchanges by allowing you to carry out high-volume transactions. However, some hybrid exchanges require KYC for huge transactions. With these kinds of exchanges, you can be sure of faster transactions, as users are matched with each other on a decentralized database."	https://www.investopedia.com/how-to-store-cryptocurrency-7500942
UK Finance Watchdog Pulls 35 Crypto Apps Off Market	PYMNTS.com	3 days ago	A report by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) says cryptocurrency companies still aren't following the country's new advertising...		https://www.pymnts.com/cryptocurrency/2024/uk-finance-watchdog-pulls-35-crypto-apps-off-market/
Super Junior's Siwon denies involvement in cryptocurrency scam	allkpop	5 days ago	Super Junior's Siwon has denied any involvement in a cryptocurrency scam.Siwon is facing allegations of his involvement in a fraudulent...		https://www.allkpop.com/article/2024/02/super-juniors-siwon-denies-involvement-in-cryptocurrency-scam
Bitcoin Eyes Longest Winning Run in a Year as ETFs Attracts Inflows	Bloomberg.com	5 days ago	"Bitcoin approached $50000 for the first time since December 2021, aided by the record-breaking debut of US exchange-traded funds for the..."		https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-02-12/bitcoin-btc-close-to-longest-winning-run-in-a-year-amid-etf-inflows
"1 Superior Cryptocurrency to Buy Before It Soars 2860%, According to Cathie Wood"	sharewise	21 hours ago	"Bitcoin (CRYPTO: BTC) hit an important milestone in February, surpassing $50000 for the first time since December 2021. The cryptocurrency..."		https://www.sharewise.com/us/news_articles/1_Superior_Cryptocurrency_to_Buy_Before_It_Soars_2860_According_to_Cathie_Woods_Ark_Invest_TheMotleyFool_20240217_1703
How To Buy Cryptocurrency – Forbes Advisor INDIA	Forbes	4-May-23	How To Buy Cryptocurrency · 1. Choose a Broker or Crypto Exchange · 2. Create and Verify Your Account · 3. Deposit Cash to Invest · 4. Place...		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/in/investing/cryptocurrency/how-to-buy-cryptocurrency/
"This week's bitcoin ETF decision could drive the cryptocurrency to $200000 in 2025, says Standard Chartered"	CNBC	1 month ago	"Approval of an exchange-traded fund could revolutionize bitcoin the way it did gold in 2004, according to Standard Chartered."		https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/09/this-weeks-bitcoin-etf-decision-could-drive-the-cryptocurrency-to-200000-in-2025-says-standard-chartered.html
New Cryptocurrency Opportunity at $0.01 for Investors Who Missed Out on Shiba Inu and Dogecoin's Surge	Finbold	4 days ago	"Major meme coins like Dogecoin and Shiba Inu have seen incredible gains, but many observers missed out by not taking them seriously enough..."		https://finbold.com/new-cryptocurrency-opportunity-at-0-01-for-investors-who-missed-out-on-shiba-inu-and-dogecoins-surge/
"Bitcoin Hits $50,000 Level For First Time In More Than Two Years"	NDTV	5 days ago	Bitcoin hit the $50000 level for the first time in more than two years as the world's largest cryptocurrency was buoyed by expectations of...		https://www.ndtv.com/world-news/bitcoin-hits-50-000-level-for-first-time-in-more-than-two-years-5045693
Cardano Price Prediction As Low-Volume Pullback Hints Rebound to $0.675 Next	CoinGape	18 hours ago	"Cardano Price Prediction: On February 17th, the cryptocurrency market witnessed a notable downtick as the leading digital asset Bitcoin..."		https://coingape.com/markets/cardano-price-prediction-as-low-volume-rebound-to-0-675/
"WLD Price: Worldcoin (WLD) Price Rally Extends to 80%, Big Whales Accumulate"	CoinGape	1 day ago	"WLD, the native cryptocurrency of Sam Altman's Worldcoin Project, has registered 80% gains over the last week. As of press time,..."		https://coingape.com/worldcoin-wld-price-rally-extends-to-80-big-whales-accumulate/
What You Must Know Before Investing in Cryptocurrency	Investopedia	28-Mar-23	What You Must Know Before Investing in Cryptocurrency · Consider Why You Are Investing in Cryptocurrency · Secure Your Keys · Get a Feel for the...	"Trending Videos









When it comes to cryptocurrencies, one of the biggest challenges for investors is not getting caught up in the hype. Digital currencies have quickly risen to prominence in the portfolios of many retail and institutional investors. At the same time, analysts have continued to caution investors about the volatile nature and unpredictability of cryptocurrencies.



If you’ve decided to invest in the cryptocurrency market, it’s important, as with any other investment, to do your research. Below, we’ll explore what you should know before you invest.



Spanish Translation of What You Must Know Before Investing in Cryptocurrency





Key Takeaways

When it comes to cryptocurrencies, one of the biggest challenges for investors is not getting caught up in the hype.Take time to learn about the different currencies offered, in addition to researching blockchain technology such as consensus mechanisms.Understanding the differences between a hot and cold wallet; consider investing in both.There are many primers on blockchain technology that are accessibly written for the layperson in addition to technical white papers.As you begin moving money around networks, perform test transactions to ensure your transfers are successful.


   Consider Why You Are Investing in Cryptocurrency  

Perhaps the most fundamental question you should ask yourself before making a cryptocurrency investment is why you’re doing it. There are myriad investment vehicles available, many of which offer greater stability and less risk than digital currencies.



Are you interested simply because of cryptocurrency’s trendiness? Or is there a more compelling reason for an investment in one or more specific digital tokens? Of course, different investors have various personal investment goals, and exploring the cryptocurrency space may make more sense for some individuals than for others.



To start, begin by taking a comprehensive approach of evaluating your personal risk appetite, investment goals, and portfolio diversification. You may be interested in cryptocurrency as an alternative asset to what you already hold. You may also be interested in potentially higher returns with the understanding that this reward comes with potentially higher risks. Before investing in cryptocurrency, gain a personal understanding of what you hope to achieve as this will help set the course for your actions. 


   Secure Your Keys  

In cryptocurrency, a private key is a secret alphanumeric code that allows a user to access and control their digital assets. In a way, it's basically just the password that grants ownership and control of the funds associated with a specific cryptocurrency address. Anyone who has access to the private keys of an address has access to all of the funds in that address. This is why it's essential to keep private keys secure and never share them with anyone.



Private keys are typically generated by a cryptocurrency wallet, and your keys are automatically generated. It's important to note that if a user loses their private key, they'll lose access to their funds forever. Therefore, it's crucial to keep private keys safe and secure by storing them offline in a cold wallet or using a reputable custodial service.



In addition, keeping your cryptocurrency on exchanges in a simple way to keep your cryptocurrency liquid and easy to exchange. However, because exchanges technically have access to your keys in this case, you may be more susceptible to losing your funds should the exchange fail or be hacked. Consider solutions to safely storing your private keys such as writing them down using an old fashioned paper and pencil. 






Your keys are a series of words that are virtually impossible for hackers to guess. Never tell anyone your keys, and store them in a safe location.


   Get a Feel for the Industry  

It’s essential for investors—particularly those who are new to digital currencies—to develop a sense of how the digital currency world works before investing. Take time to learn about the different currencies offered. With thousands of different coins and tokens available, it’s crucial to look beyond the biggest names like Bitcoin or Ether. 



In addition, it’s important to explore blockchain technology to get a sense of how this aspect of the cryptocurrency world works. For example, every blockchain has a consensus protocol to ensure the integrity of the ledger. However, there are different types of consensus protocols. For example, proof-of-work protocols are those that require substantial mining set-ups to validate transactions. Meanwhile, proof-of-stake protocols reward holders with the highest stakes with validation rewards. 



Understanding different aspects of this may impact your investment. For instance, you may be able to stake your cryptocurrency to generate rewards and increase your holdings. On the other hand, proof-of-stake coins may be inflationary if the rewards given to validators is not closely monitored. 






You can earn passive income from cryptocurrency via staking rewards.


   Consider Hot and Cold Wallets  

When you buy a cryptocurrency, you can store it in a cold wallet or a hot wallet. The main difference between a hot and cold wallet is their level of security and convenience. Hot wallets are convenient for frequent trading and spending of cryptocurrency but are more vulnerable to hacking and theft. Cold wallets are more secure but less convenient for frequent use. 



The main difference is the connectivity to the wallet. A hot wallet is connected to the internet and can be accessed easily. Examples of hot wallets include online exchanges, mobile wallets, and software wallets. Though hot wallets are great for ease of transacting, hot wallets are also more vulnerable to hacking and theft. If a hacker gains access to your hot wallet, they can potentially steal all your cryptocurrency holdings.



A cold wallet, on the other hand, is not connected to the internet. This type of wallet may be a hardware wallet or paper wallet. Though a cold wallet offers a higher level of security, they are more difficult to transact with. Though they are not vulnerable to online attacks or hacking attempts, it's harder to buy and sell securities from a cold wallet. 



As you embark on your cryptocurrency journey, consider which wallet makes more sense to you. In many cases, investors have both and store more material values or more valuable cryptocurrency via their cold wallet. Then, any balances they may be willing to lose or wish to play with may be kept on the hot wallet. 


   Read Cryptocurrency White Papers  

More important than word of mouth, though, are the specifics of a digital currency itself. When you’re considering an investment, take the time to find the project’s white paper. Every cryptocurrency project should have one, and it should be easily accessible (if it’s not, consider that a red flag).



Read the white paper carefully; it should tell you everything about what the developers of the project intend for their work, including a time frame, a general overview, and specifics about the project. If the white paper does not contain data and specific details about the project, that is generally seen as a negative. The white paper is a development team’s chance to lay out the who, what, when, and why of their project. If the white paper feels incomplete or misleading, then it might speak to fundamental issues with the project itself.



In addition, developers may issue updates to their white paper, especially as it surrounds their development road map. Be wary of projects whose timelines continually shift with minimal progress.


   Perform Test Transactions  

Cryptocurrency is unlike banks in many aspects. One of the most vital reasons to understand this is should you accidently send money to the wrong place, it may be impossible (literally) to recover. In some cases, you may lose your money forever.



As you join the cryptocurrency world, understand the importance of test transactions. Test transactions are an essential step when sending cryptocurrency because they allow you to confirm that the transaction will be successful before sending a significant amount of funds. Though they result in higher fees, they very well may be worth preventing a large error.



Test transactions involve sending a small amount of cryptocurrency to a test address. It is meant to simulate a real transaction without actually sending funds to another party. This allows you to test the sending and receiving process, confirm that your wallet is working correctly, and ensure that you have the correct address for the recipient. Once the test transaction has successfully been performed, you can copy the same transaction information for larger exchanges.






A test transaction should be a small such as $1.00; once the transaction goes through, you'll know you can send larger amounts.


   Patience Is Key  

After diligent research, you have likely developed a feel for the cryptocurrency industry and may have determined one or more projects in which to invest. The next step is to time your investment. The digital currency world moves quickly and is known for being highly volatile.



Remember that digital currencies are highly speculative. For every overnight bitcoin millionaire, many other investors have poured money into the virtual-token realm only to see that money disappear. Investing in this space means taking a risk. By doing your homework before making an investment, you help give yourself the best chance of success.




What Is Cryptocurrency?
Cryptocurrency is a digital or virtual currency that is secured by cryptography, which makes it nearly impossible to counterfeit or double-spend. Many cryptocurrencies are decentralized networks based on blockchain technology—a distributed ledger enforced by a disparate network of computers. A defining feature of cryptocurrencies is that they are generally not issued by any central authority, rendering them theoretically immune to government interference or manipulation.




Is Investing In Cryptocurrency a Good Idea?
While analysts caution investors about the volatile nature and unpredictability of cryptocurrencies, some investors are willing to take the risk for the potential reward. It’s critical to do your research beforehand to determine if investing in cryptocurrency is right for you.




How Do I Learn More About Crypto I Want To Buy?
To learn more about cryptocurrencies, join an online community of cryptocurrency investors and enthusiasts, such as that found on Reddit, to see what the community is discussing. Read the white paper that outlines specific details about the cryptocurrency project that you’re considering. Every project should have an easily accessible white paper—if it’s not, consider that a red flag.


   The Bottom Line  

When it comes to cryptocurrencies, one of the biggest challenges for investors is not getting caught up in the hype. Analysts continue to caution investors about the volatile nature and unpredictability of cryptocurrencies. If you’ve decided to invest in the cryptocurrency market, it’s important—same as with any other investment—to do your research. Consider why you’re interested in this particular investment vehicle, and familiarize yourself with cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology, to be more fully equipped to determine whether this type of investment opportunity is worthwhile for you.



Investing in cryptocurrencies and initial coin offerings (ICOs) is highly risky and speculative, and this article is not a recommendation by Investopedia or the writer to invest in cryptocurrencies or ICOs. Since each individual’s situation is unique, a qualified professional should always be consulted before making any financial decisions. Investopedia makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or timeliness of the information contained herein. As of the date when this article was written, the author owns Bitcoin and Ripple."	https://www.investopedia.com/tech/what-you-must-know-investing-crypto/
Best Life-Changing Cryptocurrency to Buy Before It’s Listed on Exchanges	Coinpedia	2 days ago	"As the crypto market accelerates development, new tokens aim for maximum real-world impact. One project capturing notable attention before..."		https://coinpedia.org/press-release/best-life-changing-cryptocurrency-to-buy-before-its-listed-on-exchanges/
Best Cryptocurrency to Have in Your Portfolio for the 2024 Altcoin Season	Coinpedia	1 day ago	"The cryptocurrency market is anticipating the next altcoin season, which is expected to start in 2024. With hundreds of thousands of..."		https://coinpedia.org/press-release/best-cryptocurrency-to-have-in-your-portfolio-for-2024-altcoin-season/
"Cryptocurrency Price Today: Bitcoin Remains Stable At $49,000, PYTH Becomes Top Gainer"	ABP News	4 days ago	Cryptocurrency price on February 14 quick take: The global market cap jumped to $1.87 trillion.		https://news.abplive.com/business/crypto/crypto-price-today-february-14-check-global-market-cap-bitcoin-btc-ethereum-doge-solana-litecoin-beam-pyth-live-tv-1664327
New cryptocurrency offers users tokens for scanning their eyeballs	The Guardian	25-Jul-23	New cryptocurrency offers users tokens for scanning their eyeballs ... Members of the public are being invited to have their eyeballs scanned by a...		https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2023/jul/25/cryptocurrency-eyeballs-worldcoin-chatgpt-openai
Shiba Inu Whale Worth Over $30M Sells Partial Bag for Rival Coin Retik Finance Set to Outperform SHIB in 2024	Coinpedia	4 hours ago	"Shiba Inu whale worth over $30 million has made headlines by selling a partial bag of SHIB for a rival cryptocurrency, Retik Finance."		https://coinpedia.org/press-release/rival-coin-retik-finance-set-to-outperform-shib-in-2024/
Bitcoin ETFs Add $701.8M in BTC as Grayscale Cuts Back	CoinGape	1 day ago	"Eight Bitcoin ETFs have significantly bolstered their holdings in the cryptocurrency, amassing an additional 13,460 BTC in a single day,..."		https://coingape.com/bitcoin-etfs-add-701-8m-in-btc-as-grayscale-cuts-back/
"What Lies Ahead For BTC, ETH, & Wall Street Amid Bitcoin ETF Boom?"	CoinGape	2 days ago	"As the cryptocurrency market continues its dynamic journey of significant inflows into the U.S. Spot Bitcoin ETF, investors find themselves at a crossroads,..."		https://coingape.com/what-lies-ahead-btc-eth-wall-street-bitcoin-etf-boom/
Six cryptocurrency tips (and five mistakes to avoid) - Times Money Mentor	The Times	29-Nov-23	Five cryptocurrency tips (and five mistakes to avoid) · 1. Have a strategy for crypto trading · 2. Manage risk · 3. Diversify crypto portfolios · 4. Automate...		https://www.thetimes.co.uk/money-mentor/investing/cryptocurrency/crypto-tips-mistakes
Shiba Inu Weekly Burn Soars 160% As 102 Mln SHIB Burnt	CoinGape	1 day ago	"Shiba Inu, a renowned cryptocurrency functioning atop the Ethereum blockchain, curated a tidal wave of speculative buzz across the broader..."		https://coingape.com/shiba-inu-weekly-burn-soars-160-as-102-mln-shib-burnt/
Cryptocurrency Mining Facility Drives Job Growth in Muskogee	Clayton County Register -	1 day ago	A groundbreaking development is underway in Muskogee as Port Muskogee announces the construction of a state-of-the-art cryptocurrency mining...		https://www.claytoncountyregister.com/news2/cryptocurrency-mining-facility-drives-job-growth-in-muskogee/1137866/
"4 Stocks to Track as Bitcoin Price Roars Past $50,000"	Yahoo Finance	4 days ago	"The cryptocurrency rally, which had somewhat stalled over the past month, is showing signs of a rebound, with Bitcoin (BTC) racing past..."		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/4-stocks-track-bitcoin-price-130400327.html
Bitcoin hits US$50K for 1st time since 2021. What’s behind the surge	Global News	5 days ago	"The cryptocurrency has risen 16.3 per cent so far this year, touching its highest since Dec. 27, 2021 with bitcoin having oscillated around..."		https://globalnews.ca/news/10289804/bitcoin-surge-cryptocurrency/
Cryptocurrency Mining in Texas	Earthjustice	12-Sep-23	"Explosive Growth of Cryptomining in Texas · Riot Platforms in Rockdale, TX, uses 450 MW · Cipher Mining in Odessa, TX, uses 207 MW · US Bitcoin..."		https://earthjustice.org/feature/cryptocurrency-mining-texas
8 Best Cryptocurrencies To Invest In for 2024	GOBankingRates	3 weeks ago	"Cryptocurrency is digital money that isn't managed by a central system, like a government. Instead, it's based on blockchain technology,..."		https://www.gobankingrates.com/investing/crypto/best-cryptocurrency-to-invest-in/
A Complete Guide to Cryptocurrency	The Motley Fool	16-Nov-23	Cryptocurrency is a digital currency that doesn't rely on central banks or trusted third parties to verify transactions and create new currency...		https://www.fool.com/investing/stock-market/market-sectors/financials/cryptocurrency-stocks/guide-to-cryptocurrencies/
"Stablecoins, Unstable Crypto Market Propel Coinbase Profits"	PYMNTS.com	2 days ago	Renewed investor enthusiasm for crypto has been good news for U.S. cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase. And while 2023 wasn't the greatest year...		https://www.pymnts.com/earnings/2024/stablecoins-unstable-crypto-market-propel-coinbase-profits/
Bitcoin ETF: Cryptocurrency swings as watchdog X account 'compromised'	BBC	1 month ago	Bitcoin ETF: Cryptocurrency swings as watchdog X account 'compromised' ... Bitcoin on US dollar notes. ... Bitcoin jumped briefly on Tuesday after a...		https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-67931172
What Is Cryptocurrency? – Forbes Advisor	Forbes	16-Feb-23	"A cryptocurrency is a digital, encrypted, and decentralized medium of exchange. Unlike the U.S. Dollar or the Euro, there is no central..."		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/investing/cryptocurrency/what-is-cryptocurrency/
Decoding Coinbase Global Inc (COIN): A Strategic SWOT Insight	Yahoo Finance	2 days ago	"Insightful Analysis of Coinbase's Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats."		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decoding-coinbase-global-inc-coin-050642117.html
Popular Types Of Cryptocurrency & How Do They Work	Forbes	4-May-23	List of Different Types of Cryptocurrencies · Bitcoin · Ethereum · Binance Coin (BNB) · Tether · Cardano · Solana · Polkadot · Litecoin. Ticker:...		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/in/investing/cryptocurrency/types-of-cryptocurrency/
Cop accused of taking crypto drug fortune	News.com.au	4 days ago	"A federal police officer allegedly pocketed a cryptocurrency fortune seized from a steroid-trafficking ring, a court has been told."		https://www.news.com.au/national/victoria/courts-law/william-wheatley-australian-federal-police-officer-accused-of-pocketing-missing-cryptocurrency-fortune/news-story/f43795d230ca1f018a1b82d5ef1e9fa3
"Cryptocurrency: Treat investing as gambling, MPs say"	BBC	17-May-23	"Cryptocurrency: Treat investing as gambling, MPs say ... MPs have urged the government to treat retail investment in cryptocurrencies such as..."		https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-65610851
Analysts Predict Newly Released Cryptocurrency to Reach $5 Following Exchange Listings	Coinpedia	2 days ago	"Pandoshi is swiftly establishing its presence in the cryptocurrency domain, captivating stakeholders with its innovative strategy and..."		https://coinpedia.org/press-release/analysts-predict-newly-cryptocurrency-to-reach-5-following-exchange-listings/
Beam (BEAM) Investors Enter The Chance To Win $888K With Option2Trade (O2T)	Analytics Insight	2 days ago	"In a striking move that has sent ripples through the cryptocurrency community, investors of Beam (BEAM), the privacy-focused blockchain..."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Beam (BEAM) Investors Enter The Chance To Win $888K With Option2Trade (O2T)





 IndustryTrends 
 
February 15, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













Spotlight on Opportunity: BEAM Investors Aim for the $888K Prize with O2T
In a striking move that has sent ripples through the cryptocurrency community, investors of Beam (BEAM), the privacy-focused blockchain project, are setting their sights on a new, enticing opportunity: the Option2Trade (O2T) $888K giveaway. This remarkable event offers not just a chance to win a substantial sum but also highlights the burgeoning relationship between innovative crypto projects and the dynamic world of DeFi and A.I. trading platforms. Let’s delve into how Beam (BEAM) investors are embracing this chance to escalate their investment journey with Option2Trade (O2T).

The O2T $888K Giveaway: A Beacon for BEAM Investors
Option2Trade (O2T) is making headlines with its SUPER $888K Giveaway, promising ten lucky winners an eye-watering $88,000 worth of O2T tokens each. This initiative is not just a testament to Option2Trade’s (O2T) generous marketing strategy but also an effective tool in drawing the attention of the wider crypto community, including those invested in Beam (BEAM).
Unlocking the Door to Fortune
–  The allure of winning part of the $888K pot is an irresistible magnet for investors looking for avenues to amplify their assets significantly.
– With a straightforward entry mechanism and the chance to increase odds through various tasks, Option2Trade (O2T) ensures that Beam (BEAM) investors have a clear path to joining this exciting opportunity.
How BEAM Investors Can Seize the Moment
The journey to potentially winning a slice of the $888K begins with a series of steps designed to engage and reward participants. Each task not only brings them closer to the grand prize but also deepens their engagement with the Option2Trade (O2T) ecosystem.
Step-by-Step to Potential Wealth
– Signing up for the Option2Trade (O2T) presale and submitting an ERC20 address kicks off the journey, granting participants their first entry into the giveaway.
– Completing a minimum $100 purchase of Option2Trade (O2T) tokens not only solidifies their stake in the platform but also adds bonus entries, enhancing the likelihood of winning.
–  By referring friends to the Option2Trade (O2T) presale, joining the Telegram group, and following Option2Trade (O2T) on social media platforms, participants unlock additional entries, further increasing their chances.
The BEAM Community: From Privacy Focus to A.I. Trading
The pivot of Beam (BEAM) investors towards Option2Trade’s (O2T) giveaway is reflective of a broader trend in the cryptocurrency space, where communities built around specific projects are increasingly exploring diversified investment and growth opportunities. This move is particularly significant for a community like Beam’s (BEAM), which values privacy and innovation, echoing Option2Trade’s (O2T) commitment to leveraging cutting-edge technology for enhanced trading experiences.
Bridging Innovations
–  Beam (BEAM) investors, traditionally focused on the privacy aspects of blockchain, are now venturing into the promising world of A.I. trading with Option2Trade (O2T), eyeing the potential for substantial returns.
– This shift underscores a growing recognition of the importance of diversifying investment strategies and the appeal of integrating advanced technologies like A.I. into trading practices.
Conclusion: A New Chapter for BEAM Investors
The Option2Trade (O2T) $888K giveaway represents more than just a chance to win a significant sum; it’s a gateway for Beam (BEAM) investors into the evolving landscape of DeFi and A.I. trading. By participating in this event, they’re not just aiming for immediate financial gain but also aligning themselves with a platform that promises to redefine the future of trading. As Beam (BEAM) investors navigate this exciting opportunity, they stand at the cusp of a new chapter in their investment journey, one that harmoniously blends the principles of privacy-focused blockchain with the innovative potential of A.I. trading.
For more information on the Option2Trade (O2T) Presale: 
Use promo code O2TLaunch to get 15% bonus
Visit Option2Trade
Join and become a community member: 
https://t.me/O2TOfficial 
https://twitter.com/Option2Trade
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Beam (BEAM) BEAM Investors crypto investors Cryptocurrency Option2Trade (O2T) 
33 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/beam-beam-investors-enter-the-chance-to-win-888k-with-option2trade-o2t/
Microsoft's Copilot AI predicts XRP price for end of 2024	Finbold	2 days ago	Largely thanks to being the first big cryptocurrency targeted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that wasn't part of an...		https://finbold.com/microsofts-copilot-ai-predicts-xrp-price-for-end-of-2024/
"Two years after peak crypto, Bitcoin has faded from the political conversation"	CBC	3-Nov-23	"Prices of many cryptocurrencies peaked two years ago, and last year saw major political interest in the technology."		https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/cryptocurrency-political-conversation-waning-1.7011672
The Best Cryptocurrency to Hold for the Upcoming Ethereum ETF Approval	Coinpedia	3 days ago	"One emerging cryptocurrency, Pandoshi (PAMBO), appears well-positioned to capitalize on the anticipated Ethereum price surge."		https://coinpedia.org/press-release/best-cryptocurrency-to-hold-for-upcoming-ethereum-etf-approval/
Hong Kong approves first retail cryptocurrency exchanges	Nikkei Asia	4-Aug-23	HONG KONG -- HashKey Exchange and OSL have become the first cryptocurrency exchanges in Hong Kong to secure licenses for retail investors...		https://asia.nikkei.com/Spotlight/Cryptocurrencies/Hong-Kong-approves-first-retail-cryptocurrency-exchanges
QuickCheck: Is there an investment scam asking for 'cash advances' to secure cryptocurrency?	The Star	5 days ago	"With all the negative press, cryptocurrency investment has turned to WhatsApp groups to promote their “opportunities."		https://www.thestar.com.my/news/true-or-not/2024/02/13/quickcheck-is-there-an-investment-scam-asking-for-cash-advances-to-secure-cryptocurrency
Cryptocurrency To Yield 1000% ROI In 30 Days	Coinpedia	3 days ago	"The price of 1 NewGold token could rise to $100000 in the near future, and could reach $1000 in few weeks from now."		https://coinpedia.org/press-release/cryptocurrency-to-yield-1000-roi-in-30-days/
New Cryptocurrency Poised for Surge Post Ethereum ETF Approval	Coinpedia	4 days ago	"The cryptocurrency market is noticing the potential approval of an Ethereum ETF on the Ethereum price. However, Pandoshi (PAMBO)..."		https://coinpedia.org/press-release/new-cryptocurrency-poised-for-surge-post-ethereum-etf-approval/
"The History of Bitcoin, the First Cryptocurrency | Investing | U.S. News"	US News Money	14-Nov-23	Bitcoin was the first cryptocurrency created and is now the most valuable and well known. It was first launched in January 2009 by a computer...		https://money.usnews.com/investing/articles/the-history-of-bitcoin
What Is Cryptocurrency?	Kiplinger	7-Oct-23	"""A cryptocurrency is a digital asset stored on blockchain technology that serves as a type of currency or store of value. Unlike traditional..."		https://www.kiplinger.com/investing/cryptocurrency/what-is-cryptocurrency
Bitcoin To The Moon? The 2024 Halving Rally Begins (Cryptocurrency:BTC-USD)	Seeking Alpha	3 days ago	Technical analysis can help predict cryptocurrency market movements; Halving event has the potential to propel Bitcoin to $120000.		https://seekingalpha.com/article/4670187-bitcoin-to-the-moon-2024-halving-rally-begins
Crypto stocks surge as bitcoin hits fresh 2023 high	Reuters	4-Dec-23	"Cryptocurrency-related stocks listed in the U.S. surged on Monday, looking to extend their strong November gains, as bitcoin topped $42000..."		https://www.reuters.com/markets/us/crypto-stocks-surge-bitcoin-hits-fresh-2023-high-2023-12-04/
"Extreme Greed Is Back For Bitcoin, Is It Time To Sell?"	NewsBTC	4 days ago	Data shows extreme greed sentiment has made a return among the Bitcoin investors after the cryptocurrency's price has broken above $50000.		https://www.newsbtc.com/bitcoin-news/extreme-greed-back-for-bitcoin-time-to-sell/
Top Cryptocurrency for Immediate 20x Gains in February 2024	Coinpedia	4 days ago	"In the dynamic world of cryptocurrency, February 2024 holds promise for investors seeking exponential returns."		https://coinpedia.org/press-release/top-cryptocurrency-for-immediate-20x-gains-in-february-2024/
7 Altcoins to Purchase Ahead of the Next Crypto Bull Run in 2024	Analytics Insight	5 days ago	Unveil opportunities that may shape the next crypto bull run. This article reveals seven promising altcoins poised for significant growth.	"CryptocurrencyLatest News 7 Altcoins to Purchase Ahead of the Next Crypto Bull Run in 2024





 Market Trends 
 
February 13, 2024 13 mins read 


 

 
 












 7 Altcoins To Hold Before The Next Crypto Bull Run 
The next crypto bull run in 2024 is imminent. It’s going to be a game-changer for those who get it right. Some industry insiders are already predicting the Bitcoin price will skyrocket past $0.2 to 0.5 million, whilst many other altcoins and GameFi tokens are going to surpass $1 billion market caps once again. To make the most of this opportunity, you need to identify projects with high growth potential and invest in them early.
To do this work for you, this article will reveal seven altcoins that show promising signs and are poised for future success. By investing in these altcoins, you can ride the wave of the next bull run and achieve significant financial gains.
Quick Roundup: Top 3 Altcoins On Our List

Pikamoon ($PIKA) – The Native Token of Upcoming AAA Web3 Game, Pikamoon
Ethereum ($ETH) – World’s Leading Decentralised Platform for Smart Contracts & dApps
Cardano ($ADA) – Third-Gen Proof-of-Stake Blockchain & Smart Contracts Platform

But first, before delving into the likes of Pikamoon ($PIKA) and Ethereum ($ETH) which are placed at the summit of our list, let’s look at the signs that currently indicate the onset of the next crypto bull run.  
Promising Signs Influencing the Next Crypto Bull Run
1. SEC Approval – Paving the Way for Crypto Adoption
In a historic development, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) approved 11 spot bitcoin exchange-traded funds (ETFs) on January 10, 2024, putting an end to prolonged regulatory uncertainties and ushering in a new era for mainstream investors to engage with the primary cryptocurrency.
Spot bitcoin ETFs function as funds that mirror bitcoin prices and are traded on stock exchanges, allowing investors to buy and sell them seamlessly, eliminating the complexities associated with directly owning and storing bitcoins.
Previously, the SEC had consistently rejected applications from industry players like Grayscale Investments, a prominent digital asset manager. However, in August 2023, a federal appeals court overturned the SEC’s decision, directing the regulator to reassess Grayscale’s application and highlighting the SEC’s failure to justify the initial rejection.
Rather than challenging the court’s decision, the SEC, in January 2024, disclosed its approval of Grayscale’s application, along with ten others from major firms such as Bitwise, BlackRock iShares, WisdomTree, ARK 21Shares, and Invesco Galaxy.
The trading of all 11 ETFs commenced on January 11, 2024, marking a milestone for the crypto industry. Although spot bitcoin ETFs don’t directly impact bitcoin prices, they may influence them indirectly in several ways:

Adoption: Spot bitcoin ETFs have the potential to attract substantial investment inflows from mainstream investors seeking bitcoin exposure within their brokerage accounts. As demand rises, new investors and capital influx will drive up bitcoin prices.
Market Validation: The approval and launch of spot bitcoin ETFs will further legitimise bitcoin within the mainstream financial system. This perceived legitimacy will instil confidence in bitcoins, contributing to higher prices.
Trading Activity: Spot bitcoin ETFs introduce more avenues for active trading of bitcoin exposure by hedge funds, day traders, and speculators, leading to increased trading volume. 

2. Bitcoin Halving – A Catalyst for the Next Crypto Bull Run
Bitcoin, the leading cryptocurrency by market capitalisation, undergoes a halving event every four years. This means that the reward for mining new blocks is reduced by half, making Bitcoin more scarce and valuable.
The next halving event is expected to happen in April 2024, when the reward will drop from 6.25 BTC to 3.125 BTC per block. This will also lower Bitcoin’s annual inflation rate from 1.74% to around 1.1%, making it one of the most deflationary assets in the world.
Historically, halving events have been followed by bull runs (i.e. periods of sustained price increases and market optimism). This is because halving events create a supply shock, reducing the amount of new Bitcoins entering the market while the demand remains high or increases.

3. The Ethereum Dencun Upgrade – A Game-Changer for the Crypto Ecosystem
Ethereum, the second-largest cryptocurrency by market capitalisation, is slowly undergoing a major upgrade called Ethereum 2.0. This upgrade consists of several phases, each introducing new features and improvements to the network. 
The final phase, called the Dencun upgrade, is expected to launch in late 2024 or early 2025, and it will be a game-changer for the crypto ecosystem.
The Dencun upgrade will implement several technologies to enhance Ethereum’s scalability, security, and efficiency. These include sharding, rollups, and cross-shard communication. Sharding is a technique that splits the network into multiple parallel chains, each processing a subset of transactions. 
Rollups are solutions that bundle many transactions into a single one, reducing the load on the main chain. Cross-shard communication is a mechanism that allows different shards to interact with each other, enabling interoperability and composability.
These technologies will enable Ethereum to process thousands of transactions per second, in comparison with the current limit of around 15 transactions per second. This will foster innovation and adoption of Ethereum-based applications and services, such as decentralised finance (DeFi), non-fungible tokens (NFTs), gaming, and social media. 
The Dencun upgrade will also make Ethereum more environmentally friendly, as it will transition from a proof-of-work to a proof-of-stake consensus mechanism, which is more energy-efficient and secure.
Considering all this, the Dencun upgrade will bring transformative changes to the Ethereum network and the entire crypto ecosystem, leading to the next crypto bull run. It will also increase the competitiveness and attractiveness of Ethereum as a platform for innovation and value creation.
4. Web3, Interoperability, and DeFi Upgrades – The Drivers of Crypto Innovation
Web3, interoperability, and DeFi are interconnected concepts driving crypto innovation and growth. Web3 is a vision of a more democratic, decentralised, and user-centric internet, where users have more control over their data, identity, and digital assets. 
Interoperability is the ability of different blockchain networks and protocols to communicate and exchange value with each other, creating a more diverse, inclusive, and collaborative crypto ecosystem.
DeFi is a term that encompasses various open and permissionless financial services and products that run on blockchain, such as lending, borrowing, trading, investing, and insurance.
These concepts create a positive feedback loop, driving growth and innovation in the crypto space:
Web3 fosters the development of new sectors and use cases, such as the metaverse, GameFi, fan tokens, and NFTs, which attract more users and creators to the crypto world. 
Interoperability amplifies the network effects of these sectors and use cases, allowing users to access various services and opportunities across different platforms and networks and encouraging innovation and collaboration among developers and projects. 
DeFi offers users more autonomy and control over their finances while fostering their involvement and participation in the crypto economy.
5. Legislations and Regulations – The Factors that Shape the Crypto Landscape Worldwide
Regulatory events and institutional involvement are two factors that impact the legal and operational landscape of the crypto space. They can positively or negatively affect the market confidence, adoption, and innovation of crypto. 
Government actions and institutional participation can boost market confidence, providing clarity and guidance on the rights, obligations, and best practices of the crypto industry. They can also reduce the uncertainty and risk associated with crypto, enhancing its legitimacy and acceptance among the public and the authorities. 
On the other hand, they can also hinder market confidence, imposing restrictions, bans, or penalties on the crypto industry. They can also create barriers and challenges for crypto innovation and adoption, limiting its potential and growth.
Regulatory events and institutional involvement vary across regions and jurisdictions, creating a diverse and complex crypto landscape. For instance, the European Union is working on a comprehensive regulatory framework for crypto assets, called the Markets in Crypto-Assets Regulation (MiCA), which aims to provide legal certainty, consumer protection, and market integrity for the crypto industry in the EU.
Likewise, El Salvador has become the first country in the world to adopt Bitcoin as a legal tender, allowing its citizens and businesses to use Bitcoin for payments, remittances, and savings. The government has also launched a state-backed Bitcoin wallet called the “Chivo wallet” and installed hundreds of Bitcoin ATMs nationwide.
In the USA, MicroStrategy, Tesla, Square, and other major corporations have invested in Bitcoin and added it to their balance sheets, signalling their confidence and support for the crypto asset. PayPal, Visa, Mastercard, and other payment giants have also integrated crypto services into their platforms, allowing customers and merchants to buy, sell, hold, and spend crypto.
7 Best Crypto To Buy For The Next Bull Run

Now that we’ve covered the reasons for the next crypto bull run, let’s look at the top seven altcoins to buy throughout such period.
1. Pikamoon ($PIKA)



Currently in Presale Stage
1 PIKA = $0.0006 USD




As Web3 gaming explodes in popularity and demand in the next crypto bull run, PIKA is set to soar. While games like Axie Infinity and The Sandbox have already reached billions of dollars in market cap, PIKA will just be $10 million on launch. This means PIKA gains are guaranteed to offer some of the highest profit margins in the altcoin market. 
PIKA is the ERC-20 token that fuels the entirety of this highly anticipated Web3 gaming project, Pikamoon. As of today, the Pikamoon Beta is available for download on Android and iOS platforms, wherein a Play-to-Earn (P2E) $10,000 prize pool is on offer for the top 100 players. 
Pikamoon redefines the gaming experience by offering players entrance into the stunning and engaging virtual world of Dreva. Here, they can trade, earn, and spend PIKA tokens and collect and use exclusive NFTs with excellent play-to-earn benefits. The game offers versatile gameplay modes, including online multiplayer, offline single-player, pink slips, campaign mode, free-roaming, etc.
PIKA is currently in its limited Presale stage, with only 15% of its 50 billion total supply available for purchase (and less than 23% remaining as of now). This is a rare investment opportunity to buy PIKA at its lowest price, and potentially earn 100x returns in the next bull run. Here, developers have already promised a 16% pump once the altcoin hits major crypto exchanges. 

2. Ethereum (ETH)

All Time High: $4,878.26
All Time Low: $0.433


Ethereum (ETH) is the 2nd-largest cryptocurrency by market capitalisation and a key player in smart contracts and Web 3.0. It stands out for its ability to support a wide range of decentralised computing processes, essential for the growth and adoption of Web 3.0 and the crypto ecosystem.
Unlike Bitcoin, which mainly focuses on peer-to-peer payments, Ethereum offers the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM), a platform that enables various decentralised applications and services.
Ethereum has had a different trajectory from Bitcoin despite their high correlation. It initially outperformed Bitcoin but fell behind as the market shifted its attention to cryptocurrencies as a hedge against inflation. However, Ethereum’s vital role in powering decentralised applications makes it a strong contender for long-term success in the crypto space. 
In a report published in December 2023, JPMorgan analysts expressed their belief that Ethereum will outperform Bitcoin, reclaim its position, and regain market share in the cryptocurrency ecosystem next year.
As more users and developers join the network, Ethereum’s prospects for further expansion and influence remain bright.
3. Cardano (ADA)

All Time High: $3.09
All Time Low: $0.01925



Cardano is a leading blockchain platform that leverages peer-reviewed scientific research and high-assurance development to deliver cutting-edge solutions. Its innovative two-layer architecture separates the settlement and computation layers, enabling more flexible and efficient transactions and smart contract executions.
ADA, the native token of Cardano, has been one of the top-performing cryptocurrencies in the market. It has soared by 165.13% in 2023 and 677.65% since its inception. Tyler Strejilevich, a renowned analyst known for his insightful market analysis, has boldly projected the future price trajectory of ADA. Crypto enthusiasts are eagerly anticipating his predictions, which hints at a staggering potential increase of 6,000% in the value of ADA.

#ADA is about to get a bullish weekly cross for the first time since JUNE 2020
The last time this happened it pumped 6,000% over the next 66 weeks#cardano pic.twitter.com/xQvvbf3b1O
— Tyler Strejilevich (@TylerSCrypto) December 9, 2023

Furthermore, the platform has attracted the most developer activity in the last month, demonstrating a robust and dynamic ecosystem. Its flourishing NFT sector has also seen a spike in sales volume, indicating a rising demand for Cardano’s capabilities to support digital assets.
4. Dogecoin (DOGE)

All Time High: $0.7316
All Time Low: $0.0000869



Dogecoin, fondly known as “DOGE,” started as a humorous meme cryptocurrency. However, it quickly became a notable digital asset with a loyal community. Initially created in 2013 as a parody of Bitcoin (BTC), Dogecoin features the Shiba Inu dog from the “Doge” meme as its logo.
Despite its comical origins, DOGE has exhibited remarkable growth. In 2023, Dogecoin witnessed a rise of 34.71%, reflecting a consistent interest and investment in the coin. Over its lifetime, Dogecoin has achieved an astounding all-time appreciation of 627.40%, and over the past five years, it has skyrocketed by 4,916.03%.
Elon Musk, the CEO of Tesla and SpaceX,  is the most prominent advocate for DOGE, even going so far as to assert that the meme coin is “better than Bitcoin”.
The token’s unique charm lies in its lively community and extensive usage in tipping and charitable donations online. The coin’s underlying technology is based on Litecoin (LTC), featuring a Scrypt algorithm. This allows for faster and more energy-efficient mining. Lastly, Dogecoin’s low transaction fees of under a cent and quick confirmation times make it a convenient option for micro-transactions and casual online usage.
5. Ripple (XRP)

All Time High: $3.84
All Time Low: $0.002802

XRP is a fast and efficient solution for cross-border transactions, offering a cheaper alternative to traditional methods. It also excels at facilitating micro-payments, thanks to its ultra-fast transaction speed. XRP has recently regained investor confidence after winning a legal battle against the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which had accused it of being an unregistered security. This legal victory has sparked a new wave of optimism around the Ripple coin.
Key figures such as @0xsushi on X (previously Twitter) have expressed strong optimism about the future of XRP, envisioning it as the standard for all digital assets over the next decade.
Ripple Labs, the company behind XRP, announced its intention to integrate automated market makers into the XRP Ledger with the aim of improving liquidity and trading performance.This move has generated mixed reactions within the XRP community, as some worry about potential stability issues while others anticipate better liquidity.
In the long run however, these developments are expected to strengthen XRP’s position as a major player in the global cryptocurrency scene, adding to its comeback story.  
6. Polkadot (DOT)

All Time High: $54.98
All Time Low: $2.69

Polkadot (DOT) is a next-generation blockchain protocol. It enables an internet environment where autonomous blockchains can transfer information and transactions without trust. This mechanism is powered by Polkadot’s unique consensus algorithm. Furthermore, this interoperability aims to create a fully decentralised and private web managed by its users and simplify the innovation process for new applications and services.
Lately, the protocol has witnessed significant growth in user activity. The Block data dashboard reported a surge in the daily count of new addresses, peaking at 7,120 on Christmas day. This has been the highest single-day count since the beginning of the year.
Furthermore, DOT has experienced a considerable increase in value this past year, with a one-year rise of 100.50%, making it one of the top altcoins to buy in a bull run.
 7. Uniswap (UNI)

All Time High: $44.92
All Time Low: $0.419354

Uniswap (UNI) is the world’s largest decentralised exchange, and its total-value-locked figure is projected to increase over time, indicating a bullish outlook. It allows users to exchange cryptocurrencies directly without relying on traditional financial intermediaries, which gives it an edge in the growing market for decentralised solutions.
UNI recently upgraded to Version 4, demonstrating its commitment to improving user experience. A notable feature of this upgrade is “Hooks”, a game-changing addition to automated market maker exchanges. This feature gives developers more flexibility to interact with asset pools in new and creative ways. Such innovations enhance the platform’s attractiveness and functionality.
Uniswap Labs stays true to its decentralised roots by prioritising community involvement. This strategy ensures the platform evolves in line with its community’s needs and preferences, cementing the crypto’s position as a responsive and user-centric entity in the decentralised finance sector.
A Quick Guide To Making Smart Investments During the Bull Market
Below are some practical strategies to navigate the crypto market during this period. 

Embrace the Basics Before Building A Portfolio
Starting in the crypto world without understanding the basics can be confusing. Many investors rush into complex trades and emerging coins without a solid grasp of the fundamentals. This is like building a house without a proper foundation.
First, it’s important to understand what cryptocurrency is and how it works. There are thousands of cryptocurrencies, each with unique features. Blockchain is the revolutionary technology behind cryptocurrencies, and it’s essential to learn about it. Understanding blockchain will help you understand why certain cryptocurrencies hold value.
Next, familiarise yourself with the principles of crypto trading. Learn how the market works, how trading pairs function, and the risks involved. Knowledge is crucial in the crypto world and can lead to profits.
Take things one step at a time, and don’t feel overwhelmed. Many resources are available online such as ebooks, online courses, and forums. Dedicate time each day to learn, and don’t hesitate to ask questions. The crypto community is expansive and welcoming to newcomers.
Stay Informed About the Latest Crypto News
The cryptocurrency landscape changes quickly, with new developments happening often. However, filtering out unnecessary noise and focusing on relevant news is necessary.
Start by identifying trustworthy news sources. There are many cryptocurrency news websites, but not all are reliable. Look for platforms that offer well-researched and unbiased information. Avoid sites that rely on sensationalism and fear-mongering.
Once you have found reliable sources, make it a habit to check them regularly. But don’t just passively consume news. Analyse it. Consider how each piece of news impacts the larger market and your investments. Is it a short-term event or a long-term trend?
Also, be cautious of following the crowd in the cryptocurrency world. Negative news can lead to panic selling, while hype can tempt you to buy without thorough research. Stay calm and rational. Remember that successful investors keep their emotions in check.
Share Your Journey With Others To Teach and Learn
Sharing your crypto journey is a two-way learning experience. When I started sharing my investment strategies and experiences, I learned more about refining my thoughts and techniques.
Share successes and failures by documenting your journey through a blog, social media, or personal journal. Transparency and honesty are respected within the crypto community. Engage with others through forums, meetups, and online discussions to gain valuable insights.
Explaining concepts to others helps solidify your understanding. Continuously share and learn to stay sharp and informed in the ever-evolving crypto world.
Diversify Your Crypto Portfolio
Diversifying your crypto portfolio is a smart investment strategy. It helps minimise risk and maximise potential gains in the volatile crypto world.
Spread your investments across different cryptocurrencies and types of crypto assets. Consider well-established coins like Bitcoin or Ethereum for stability and mid-cap coins for growth potential.
For unique opportunities, you can also explore upcoming GameFi projects like PIKA, NFTs and DeFi projects. Remember to find a balance that aligns with your risk tolerance and investment goals.

➖Pikamoon Vs. The Sandbox ➖
Pre-Sale comparison 😎
– Investment raised 
– Community
– Developers 
– Partners & Team
– Market Capitalisation & Token 
– The Opportunity 
Thread 🧵 Don’t miss this ↙️ pic.twitter.com/3lIMUuFOt4
— Pikamoon (@PikaMoonCoin) November 3, 2023

Don’t Be Hasty – Plan for the Long Term
People often focus on making quick gains in crypto, but the most successful investors think long-term.
They understand that real wealth is built over time, not overnight. When planning for the long term, focusing on cryptocurrencies with solid fundamentals is important. Look for projects with strong teams, clear use cases, and robust technology.
These investments are more likely to withstand market fluctuations and deliver sustainable growth. Volatility is also something to be prepared for in the crypto market. It can be a rollercoaster, but don’t let short-term fluctuations derail your long-term plans. Stay focused on your investment goals, and don’t be influenced by temporary market sentiments.
Lastly, the crypto market constantly changes, so keep learning and adapting. Stay informed, stay flexible, and be ready to adjust your strategies as the market evolves.
Conclusion
The crypto market is constantly evolving and presenting new opportunities for investors willing to take calculated risks. 
Among the many altcoins that could soar in the next bull market, PIKA stands out as the best token to reap big profits from, as the token is still in its initial ICO stage and has a 30x smaller launch market cap than its rivals (meaning it has a lot of room for growth in months to come).
But remember, these altcoins are not the only ones that could perform well in the next bull market. There are many other promising altcoins that can perform well. Before you invest in any of them, though, make sure you do your market research. Good luck! 

Frequently Asked Questions – FAQs
When will the next crypto bull run be?
No one knows when the next bull run will start. It depends on factors such as supply and demand, market sentiment, innovation, regulation, and global events. However, some analysts and experts have predicted that the next crypto bull run could start in 2024, based on historical trends, the Bitcoin halving event, and the stock-to-flow model. 
How long will the next crypto bull run last?
The duration of a crypto bull run is also uncertain, as it can be influenced by external shocks, market cycles, and investor behaviour. However, based on past data, crypto bull runs tend to last several months to a few years, with periods of correction and consolidation. For example, the 2017 crypto bull run lasted for about a year, from January to December, while the 2021 crypto bull run lasted six months, from November 2020 to May 2021.
What are some of the best crypto projects for next bull run?
There is no clear answer on which crypto to buy for the next bull run. Different crypto assets have varying characteristics, risks, and potentials. BTC is considered safer but offers lower rewards. Altcoins like PIKA have a positive outlook and can provide significant rewards for investors.
What is the prediction for the next bull run of Bitcoin?
There are popular models and methods to forecast Bitcoin’s future price: Stock-to-flow (S2F) quantifies scarcity and suggests Bitcoin could reach over $100,000 by Q2 2024. Market cycle analysis identifies patterns and trends, indicating Bitcoin could reach a new peak by Q4 2024. Sentiment analysis measures market participants’ emotions, showing Bitcoin is currently neutral to positive with signs of growing interest and optimism.
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
7 Altcoins to Purchase Altcoins Crypto bull run GameFi Pikamoon 
46 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/next-crypto-bull-run/
New $0.01 Cryptocurrency Poised to Dominate 2024’s Bull Run Alongside Shiba Inu (SHIB)	Coinpedia	2 days ago	Pandoshi is making a notable impact in the decentralized finance (DeFi) world by offering an array of blockchain-engaging features.		https://coinpedia.org/press-release/new-crypto-poised-to-dominate-2024s-bull-run-alongside-shib/
What's the Best Cryptocurrency to Buy? 6 Contenders | Investing | U.S. News	US News Money	3 weeks ago	6 of the Best Cryptocurrencies to Buy Now · Bitcoin (BTC) · Ether (ETH) · Avalanche (AVAX) · Polygon (MATIC) · Cardano (ADA) · Cosmos (ATOM)...		https://money.usnews.com/investing/cryptocurrency/articles/whats-the-best-cryptocurrency-to-buy
"Cryptocurrency Price Today: Bitcoin Crosses $50,000 For The First Time Since December 2021"	ABP News	5 days ago	Cryptocurrency price on February 13 quick take: The global market cap jumped to $1.87 trillion.		https://news.abplive.com/business/crypto/crypto-price-today-february-13-check-global-market-cap-bitcoin-btc-ethereum-doge-solana-litecoin-beam-flare-live-tv-1664040
Bitcoin hits $49000 for the first time since launch of cryptocurrency ETF	GB News	5 days ago	The launch of the first Bitcoin ETF has led to renewed “optimism” in the cryptocurrency.		https://www.gbnews.com/money/bitcoin-rise-cryptocurrency-etf
Does Islam smile on cryptocurrency?	The Economist	13-Jul-23	Islamic scholars can't agree on whether cryptocurrency is sharia-compliant | Middle East & Africa.		https://www.economist.com/middle-east-and-africa/2023/07/13/does-islam-smile-on-cryptocurrency
How Is Cryptocurrency Taxed? – Forbes Advisor	Forbes	21-Jun-23	"If you hold your cryptocurrency for more than one year and sell it for more than you paid for it, you will incur capital gains taxes. If you..."		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/taxes/what-are-cryptocurrency-taxes/
"Govt notice to 9 offshore cryptocurrency platforms for non-compliance under PMLA, asks MIETY to block URLs | Mint"	mint	1 month ago	The FIU has also written to the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology to block the URL of cryptocurrency exchanges as their...		https://www.livemint.com/market/cryptocurrency/fiu-issues-notices-to-9-cryptocurrency-platforms-for-non-compliance-under-pmla-asks-miety-to-block-urls-binance-kucoin-11703782851493.html
What is market manipulation in cryptocurrency?	Cointelegraph	2-Dec-23	"Market manipulation in the crypto sphere, explained. In the cryptocurrency space, market manipulation refers to the deliberate use of different..."		https://cointelegraph.com/explained/what-is-market-manipulation-in-cryptocurrency
How To Start Investing In Cryptocurrency: A Guide For Beginners	Bankrate	28-Aug-23	"Cryptocurrency is a highly speculative area of the market, and many smart investors have decided to put their money elsewhere. For beginners who..."		https://www.bankrate.com/investing/how-to-invest-in-cryptocurrency-beginners-guide/
"What is a mainnet in cryptocurrency, explained"	Cointelegraph	1 month ago	"Every mainnet contains a native cryptocurrency that is utilized for different network functions. This covers paying transaction fees, rewarding..."		https://cointelegraph.com/explained/what-is-a-mainnet-in-cryptocurrency-explained
Investors Rush to Buy This New Cryptocurrency as the Presale Nears Its End	Coinpedia	3 days ago	"The presale for the hot new cryptocurrency Pandoshi (PAMBO) is entering its final days, causing a rush of investors looking to get in early..."		https://coinpedia.org/press-release/investors-rush-to-buy-this-new-cryptocurrency-as-presale-nears-its-end/
Hundreds of Thousands of Dollars Worth of Solana Cryptocurrency Assets Stolen in Recent CLINKSINK Drainer ...	Mandiant	1 month ago	"Hundreds of Thousands of Dollars Worth of Solana Cryptocurrency Assets Stolen in Recent CLINKSINK Drainer Campaigns ... On January 3, 2024,..."		https://www.mandiant.com/resources/blog/solana-cryptocurrency-stolen-clinksink-drainer-campaigns
"Cryptocurrency advocate, attorney John Deaton weighing run against Elizabeth Warren"	Boston Herald	2 days ago	"A cryptocurrency advocate and attorney is “eyeing” a run as a Republican against U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, marking the first potential..."	"Jose Luis Magana/ The Associated PressJose Luis Magana/Associated Press
						A lawyer and cryptocurrency advocate is weighing a run against U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren. (Jose Luis Magana/Associated Press)		

By Chris Van Buskirk | cvanbuskirk@bostonherald.comPUBLISHED: February 15, 2024 at 11:28 a.m. | UPDATED: February 15, 2024 at 6:38 p.m.A cryptocurrency advocate and attorney is “eyeing” a run as a Republican against U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, marking the first potential major challenger the Cambridge Democrat could face this election cycle, according to a person close to the possible candidate.
John Deaton, a retired U.S. Marine and lawyer for Deaton Law, is considering running against Warren, a move that would give national and local Republicans a person to take on the high profile senator. Deaton’s challenge would also give someone from the crypto industry a chance to challenge one of its main detractors.
Jim Conroy, who once managed former Gov. Charlie Baker’s gubernatorial campaign, said he is advising Deaton about the possible Senate run and confirmed the attorney is weighing his options.
“He should decide in the near future,” Conroy said.
Deaton is also ready to fund his campaign with an initial $500,000, Conroy said. Warren had nearly $4 million in her campaign war chest, according to federal election filings last updated Dec. 31, 2023.
A spokesperson for Warren said the senator is “taking nothing for granted.” 


“She has a strong record of delivering for working families and continues to fight hard for the people of Massachusetts,” the spokesperson said.
MassGOP Chair Amy Carnevale said she has met with Deaton several times, had “good conversations about Senator Warren’s vulnerability,” encouraged him to run, and looks forward to him making a final decision “in the coming days.” 


“I think she’s yet to be challenged by a candidate who can really present a strong difference in terms of trying to represent people in Massachusetts who are just trying to get by and make a living and deal with things like affordability in our state,” Carnevale told the Herald. “That’s a big issue where Senator Warren is not providing leadership for people in Massachusetts.”
Warren easily beat Republican Geoff Diehl in her last re-election campaign in 2018. Diehl, who would later go on to run an unsuccessful gubernatorial bid against Gov. Maura Healey, lost with 36% of the vote compared to Warren’s 60%, according to state data.
The Boston Globe first reported Deaton’s interest and POLITICO Massachusetts first reported Deaton’s willingness to put money behind a potential campaign.
A Detroit-native, Deaton describes himself as someone who was born in the city’s worst neighborhood but “became a fighter, with violence becoming second nature,” the summary of his memoir titled “Food Stamp Warrior” said.
Deaton joined the Marine Corps in law school and in 1994, was commissioned as a second lieutenant. He served as a federal prosecutor and a criminal defense attorney for seven years of active duty, according to a biography on his law firm’s website.
He graduated from the New England School of Law in 1995 and Eastern Michigan University in 1989. He founded East Providence-based Deaton Law Firm in 2006, which advertises on its website help to people suffering from Mesothelioma and asbestos, and is the founder of the information site CryptoLaw.
Deaton appears to be no fan of Warren, and even expressed “regret” that he had not bought a house he had looked at in Rehoboth in 2014. In an Oct. 2023 post, he said he lived in Barrington, Rhode Island but Conroy said Deaton moved to Swansea this year.
In a Dec. 7, 2023 social media post, Deaton questioned whether he still had time to buy a home in Massachusetts, move to the state, and run “against this government overreach hack in 2024.”
“I’m a Massachusetts lawyer and have practiced in Massachusetts for over 15 years. I live in Rhode Island, less than six miles from Seekonk, Massachusetts. I’m not suggesting I would win, but how I would love to confront her,” he wrote in the post on X, the website formerly known as Twitter.
In an April social media post, Deaton again said he wished he “would’ve bought a house in Massachusetts.”
“Outside of campaigning, these career politicians haven’t created one job.  (Warren) hasn’t taken out a home equity line of credit in order to make payroll during down times. She believes the answer to everything is government,” he wrote on X.
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window) 

 

Most PopularMost PopularDear Abby: Fiance’s ‘hateful’ mom wants to call the shotsDear Abby: Fiance's 'hateful' mom wants to call the shotsHowie Carr: The ‘putality’ of Biden’s mindHowie Carr: The 'putality' of Biden's mindBattenfeld: Potential Elizabeth Warren GOP challenger a step in right directionBattenfeld: Potential Elizabeth Warren GOP challenger a step in right directionDowntown Boston housing revival: Empty office space to be converted into apartmentsDowntown Boston housing revival: Empty office space to be converted into apartmentsDear Abby: “Other woman” has hit rock bottomDear Abby: ""Other woman"" has hit rock bottom‘Shameful’: White teen girls at Boston Sephora reportedly use dark makeup for blackface'Shameful': White teen girls at Boston Sephora reportedly use dark makeup for blackfaceLucas: We’re on our own with migrant messLucas: We're on our own with migrant messCase against Milan Lucic dropped, Bruins keep him on indefinite leaveCase against Milan Lucic dropped, Bruins keep him on indefinite leaveBruins: Milan Lucic will remain on ‘indefinite leave’ for remainder of seasonBruins: Milan Lucic will remain on 'indefinite leave' for remainder of seasonCongestion pricing possibly down the road in BostonCongestion pricing possibly down the road in Boston 



Trending Nationally
Donald Trump fraud verdict: $364 million penalty in civil fraud caseColorado is now home of America’s newest national parkNYC man charged with falsely claiming ownership of New Yorker Hotel, using loophole to live rent-free for 5 yearsGetting packages you didn’t order from Amazon or elsewhere? Here’s how to deal with e-commerce scamsBefore and after: Sierra Nevada snowpack expands steadily over past month"	https://www.bostonherald.com/2024/02/15/cryptocurrency-advocate-attorney-john-deaton-weighing-run-against-elizabeth-warren/
3 Tech Stocks With More Potential Than Any Cryptocurrency	The Motley Fool	1 week ago	There are plenty of ways to construct a wealth-building portfolio.		https://www.fool.com/investing/2024/02/10/3-tech-stocks-with-more-potential-than-any-cryptoc/
Bitcoin hits $50k level for first time in more than two years	Moneycontrol	5 days ago	"The cryptocurrency has risen some 15.7% so far this year, on Monday touching its highest since Dec. 27, 2021."		https://www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/cryptocurrency/bitcoin-hits-50k-level-for-first-time-in-more-than-two-years-12252921.html
Coinbase Anticipates Bitcoin Boost from Institutional Buys	CoinGape	1 day ago	"Coinbase report reveals factors boosting Bitcoin, including significant institutional ETF inflows and technical resilience."		https://coingape.com/coinbase-anticipates-bitcoin-boost-from-institutional-buys/
Analyst Who Predicted Dogecoin (DOGE) Boom in 2021 Now Bullish on Retik Finance (RETIK)—Can It Replicate the ...	Analytics Insight	3 days ago	"Retik Finance analyst is optimistic, predicting future prosperity akin to Dogecoin's 2021 surge. Is RETIK able to repeat dogecoin's victory?"	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Analyst Who Predicted Dogecoin (DOGE) Boom in 2021 Now Bullish on Retik Finance (RETIK)—Can It Replicate the Success?





 Market Trends 
 
February 15, 2024 3 mins read 


 

 
 













Do you remember the crypto analyst who accurately predicted the huge surge of Dogecoin (DOGE) in 2021, shocking the established players and catapulting the meme-coin to new heights? Well, that same analyst is once again causing a stir, this time by expressing strong optimism about a new player in the market: Retik Finance (RETIK). The burning question on everyone’s minds is whether Retik Finance can achieve the same extraordinary success as Dogecoin. Let’s delve into the core of this fascinating scenario, examining Retik Finance’s unique value proposition, its potential for widespread adoption, and the key differences that distinguish it from the Dogecoin phenomenon.
Top Analyst: Retik Finance (RETIK) Might Replicate 2021 Dogecoin’s (DOGE) Boom
Retik Finance (RETIK) is an innovative platform that prioritises practicality over hype, effectively connecting the world of cryptocurrency with traditional finance. Unlike Dogecoin, which relies heavily on internet memes and has seen a surge of over 20,000%, Retik Finance provides a solid ecosystem with real-world applications. Central to Retik Finance is the $RETIK token, which powers a variety of essential financial tools. The Retik Wallet serves as a secure and user-friendly entry point into cryptocurrency, enabling users to store, manage, and exchange different digital assets while maintaining full control over their crypto holdings. Additionally, Retik’s DeFi Debit Cards allow users to use their cryptocurrency for purchases at physical stores, blurring the boundaries between the digital and physical worlds. This advancement enhances convenience and flexibility for crypto holders, streamlining everyday transactions. Furthermore, Retik Pay offers a merchant-oriented solution that enables businesses to accept crypto payments. By incorporating crypto transactions into their payment systems, merchants can expand their customer base and benefit from quicker settlement times, ultimately boosting their profitability. Retik Finance distinguishes itself by providing practical financial solutions that cater to the requirements of both individual users and businesses. With a focus on utility and innovation, Retik Finance is set to transform our perceptions and interactions with cryptocurrencies and traditional finance.

RETIK vs. DOGE: A Comparative Analysis
Retik Finance (RETIK) may not currently have the same social media buzz as Dogecoin (DOGE), but its recent presale performance paints a compelling picture of its potential. In just seven weeks, the project managed to raise an impressive $23 million, a testament to the confidence investors have in its vision. With over 92% of presale tokens already snapped up, it’s evident that early adopters see value in RETIK. What’s particularly intriguing is how Retik Finance’s (RETIK) trajectory resembles that of Dogecoin’s early days. Analysts point to several key factors contributing to this similarity. Firstly, RETIK has fostered a thriving community that actively engages in discussions and social media campaigns, reminiscent of Dogecoin’s grassroots beginnings. Additionally, RETIK has secured partnerships with industry leaders such as Certik for auditing and CoinMarketCap and CoinGecko for listings, while preparing for listing on top-tier exchanges. Unlike Dogecoin’s meme-centric rise, RETIK offers tangible utility by addressing real-world problems for individuals and businesses, adding a layer of substance to its value proposition. Furthermore, RETIK’s presale success, coupled with its community engagement, strong partnerships, and unique value proposition, positions it as a promising contender in the cryptocurrency market, drawing parallels to Dogecoin’s early growth trajectory.
Can Retik Finance Replicate the Success?
Predicting the future of any cryptocurrency is inherently uncertain, but Retik Finance presents several promising features that suggest it could replicate Dogecoin’s success, albeit in a distinctive manner. Retik’s strengths lie in its utility-focused platform, offering practical solutions such as the Retik Wallet, DeFi Debit Cards, and Retik Pay, which address real-world needs for individuals and businesses. Unlike Dogecoin, which gained popularity primarily through memes, Retik Finance’s emphasis on tangible value creates a solid foundation for sustained growth beyond mere hype. Moreover, Retik’s impressive presale, raising nearly $23 million in just six weeks, reflects strong investor confidence and early community support, providing significant momentum for future development. The project’s active and engaged community demonstrated through successful campaigns like Gleam and active participation on social media, plays a pivotal role in driving adoption and fostering long-term success. Retik Finance differentiates itself from Dogecoin by addressing the latter’s limitations, such as its inflationary tokenomics and limited utility. By implementing measures like a capped token supply, RETIK ensures sustainable growth and paves the way for long-term success. While Retik aims to emulate Dogecoin’s success, its approach is more focused on utility and community engagement rather than relying solely on viral trends. This strategic direction enables Retik to cultivate a robust and engaged ecosystem that drives its growth and adoption.
Click Here To Take Part In Retik Finance Presale
Visit the links below for more information about Retik Finance (RETIK):
Website: https://retik.com
Whitepaper: https://retik.com/retik-whitepaper.pdf
Linktree: https://linktr.ee/retikfinance
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Cryptocurrency Dogecoin Meme coin RETIK Retik Finance 
44 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/analyst-who-predicted-dogecoin-doge-boom-in-2021-now-bullish-on-retik-finance-retik-can-it-replicate-the-success/
3 Growth Stocks With More Potential Than Any Cryptocurrency	The Motley Fool	1 week ago	Cryptocurrency can prove a viable investment opportunity for some and -- if you have a significant tolerance for risk -- may be a profitable...		https://www.fool.com/investing/2024/02/09/3-growth-stocks-with-more-potential-than-any-crypt/
"Bitcoin breaks $50,000 for first time since 2021"	Gulf News	5 days ago	The cryptocurrency has enjoyed a strong run in recent months.		https://gulfnews.com/your-money/cryptocurrency/bitcoin-breaks-50000-for-first-time-since-2021-1.1707799632178
Shiba Inu A Cryptocurrency That Can Give You $1 Million?	Watcher Guru	6 days ago	"Shiba Inu: Can SHIB cryptocurrency still deliver investors profits of $1 million or more? Well, let's find out."		https://watcher.guru/news/shiba-inu-a-cryptocurrency-that-can-give-you-1-million
12 most popular types of cryptocurrency	Yahoo Finance	1 month ago	Largest cryptocurrencies by market cap · 1. Bitcoin (BTC) · 2. Ethereum (ETH) · 3. Tether (USDT) · 4. BNB (BNB) · 5. Solana (SOL) · 6. XRP (XRP).		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/12-most-popular-types-cryptocurrency-221243578.html
What Is A Blockchain?	Forbes	23-May-23	Blockchain is the innovative database technology that's at the heart of nearly all cryptocurrencies.		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/investing/cryptocurrency/what-is-blockchain/
Crypto Security: A Beginner’s Guide	Forbes	8-May-23	One of crypto investing's biggest hurdles is convincing investors that it's safe. Safety is especially relevant for investing in bitcoin...		https://www.forbes.com/sites/digital-assets/article/crypto-security-overview/
What Are All the Different Types of Cryptocurrency?	The Motley Fool	14-Nov-23	"Since its creation in 2009, Bitcoin (BTC -1.13%) has become a revolutionary digital currency. Because it enables peer-to-peer payments..."		https://www.fool.com/investing/stock-market/market-sectors/financials/cryptocurrency-stocks/types-of-cryptocurrencies/
Franklin Templeton files for spot ethereum ETF	Reuters	5 days ago	"Franklin Templeton on Monday disclosed that it had officially filed for a spot ethereum exchange-traded fund, becoming the eighth player..."		https://www.reuters.com/technology/franklin-templeton-files-spot-ethereum-etf-2024-02-12/
"Ethereum market cap larger than Toyota, as altcoins boom"	Kalkine Media	5 hours ago	"Many altcoins have been putting out impressive performances since the beginning of this year. Last week, Solana (SOL) flipped Binance (BNB)..."		https://kalkinemedia.com/news/cryptocurrency/ethereum-market-cap-larger-than-toyota-as-altcoins-boom
12 Best Cryptocurrency Stocks To Buy According to Hedge Funds	Yahoo Finance	8-Dec-23	"So, as crypto appears to be taking off once again, we decided to take a look at the best cryptocurrency stocks to buy. The top three picks in..."		https://finance.yahoo.com/news/12-best-cryptocurrency-stocks-buy-085440887.html
UK confirms plans to regulate crypto industry with formal legislation	CNBC	30-Oct-23	"The U.K. government published its response to a consultation paper issued earlier this year, which recommended how the crypto industry..."		https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/30/uk-confirms-plans-to-regulate-crypto-industry-with-formal-legislation.html
Is bitcoin going to crash again? - Times Money Mentor	The Times	29-Nov-23	Bitcoin is a highly volatile cryptocurrency with a track record of “boom and bust” cycles – we look at what happened with the latest bitcoin crash.		https://www.thetimes.co.uk/money-mentor/investing/cryptocurrency/is-bitcoin-crash-coming
Human trafficking victim says he was forced to target Canadians in crypto investment scam	CBC	1 week ago	A man who targeted Canadians for cryptocurrency investment scams is speaking out after escaping the Cambodian compound where he was forced...		https://www.cbc.ca/news/business/crypto-scam-human-trafficking-1.7105454
"Crypto Goes on Trial, as Sam Bankman-Fried Faces His Reckoning"	The New York Times	4-Oct-23	"The FTX founder's uphill court battle starts Tuesday, after he has come to symbolize everything that went wrong with the cryptocurrency..."		https://www.nytimes.com/2023/10/02/technology/ftx-sam-bankman-fried-trial.html
Assessing Bitcoin's Fundamentals (Cryptocurrency:BTC-USD)	Seeking Alpha	4 days ago	"Bitcoin's health can be evaluated through metrics such as market capitalization, conversion points, user experience, and legality."		https://seekingalpha.com/article/4669774-assessing-bitcoins-fundamentals
Coinbase shares surge after posting first quarterly profit in two years	CNBC	2 days ago	Shares of cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase soared Friday after the company reported its first profit in two years.		https://www.cnbc.com/2024/02/16/coinbase-coin-share-surge-13percent-after-earnings.html
The Biden administration now requires large cryptocurrency miners to report their energy use	Engadget	1 week ago	"The Biden administration recently announced that it would be requiring large cryptocurrency mining operations to report electricity usage,..."		https://www.engadget.com/the-biden-administration-now-requires-large-cryptocurrency-miners-to-report-their-energy-use-182831778.html
Cryptocurrency Taxes 2023 – Forbes Advisor	Forbes	15-Jun-23	"If you earn cryptocurrency from mining, receive it as a promotion or get it as payment for goods or services, it counts as regular taxable..."		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/taxes/cryptocurrency-taxes/
Cryptocurrency animal spirits are back big time	AFR	1 month ago	Bitcoin has a long path to respectability. Years of software development and investments have failed to catapult blockchain networks into...		https://www.afr.com/companies/financial-services/cryptocurrency-animal-spirits-are-back-big-time-20240110-p5ew7y
"WEMIX (WEMIX) Dips, Gala (GALA), Everlodge (ELDG) in the Cryptocurrency Market 2024 | Mint"	mint	5 days ago	The market stats show that WEMIX (WEMIX) is battling bear pressure while Gala (GALA) is gaining attention.		https://www.livemint.com/brand-stories/wemix-wemix-dips-gala-gala-everlodge-eldg-in-the-cryptocurrency-market-2024-11706611537252.html
BlockDAG Gaining Investors' Confidence Over DeeStream Presale	Analytics Insight	4 days ago	"Learn about the 5000% ROI of the BlockDAG that attracts investors and ADA holders towards its presale, and invest in the BDAG instead of the..."	"CryptocurrencyLatest News BlockDAG’s Presale Outshines DeeStream and Cardano With Its 5000% ROI Potential





 Market Trends 
 
February 14, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 












Crypto enthusiasts are always looking for the best and freshest opportunities in blockchain dynamics so they can have experience with the latest technologies. It’s not only about presale perks but also about the features and returns they get from the newcomers.
Despite the fact that many projects launched their presales, including DeeStream, investors have chosen BlockDAG due to its next-generation consensus mechanism, increased efficiency, and high security. These investors, including ADA holders, have now turned to BlockDAG’s presale. This attention comes after investors in the batch 1 presale received 50x returns and its potential to deliver 5000% ROI to its community.
DeeStream Presale – Boon or Bane? 
Unlike established projects like Polkadot and Solana, investors are now seen to be more interested in the new emerging technologies. DessStream (DST) is one of them, and it is out there with its presale.

DST allows users to create content without any limitations, providing them with freedom of speech. This feature has attracted a lot of users, as the platform stated that it would never ban users from sharing their views. With lower fees and instant payouts, the project aims to reach over 247 billion users by 2027.
ADA Holders – Changing Tides of Interest?
Cardano, known as the Ethereum killer, is currently struggling, losing the interest of ADA holders. Despite having strong foundations, ADA holders have become disheartened due to the recent price fluctuations, showing the chances that they might switch to other newcomers with better technologies like BlockDAG Coin (BDAG).
Users even contended that Cardano works on the ‘’Slow and Steady’’ strategy, which involves dropping the interest ratio to a high amount. After experiencing a huge decline in 2023, ADA holders are now moving towards the options that will provide them with a huge boom to recover the loss.
BlockDAG – The Most Viable Presale For you!  
Crypto presales are all the rage, and BlockDAG is not coming slowly in the long run. BlockDAG is providing an opportunity for crypto enthusiasts to take advantage of its endless possibilities. After making the mark of $1 million within 24 hours in presale batch 1, BlockDAG is rapidly proceeding towards presale batch 2. Offering the early investors 50% rewards, BlockDAG has set itself apart from the DeeStream presale, attracting the ADA holders towards it.
BlockDAG’s batch 2 is also selling out quickly, as the network has gained the attention of the crypto community as well as ADA holders. The presale, consisting of 45 batches, has set the goal of achieving high targets. The batch 45 will earn early investors over 5000% in ROI. After hitting $1 million in presale in just 24 hours, BlockDAG has made it believable that it can reach the $600 million target, which it has set for 2024.
There are numerous reasons why crypto enthusiasts are into BlockDAG, including a diverse range of income streams, huge early perks, crypto mining possibilities, and much more. Given the current situation, analysts have predicted that BlockDAG will hit the $1 mark following the bullish market trend.
 
BDAG Presale Stuns Investors
BDAG’s presale is leading the charge in the crypto market, promising potential returns for its early investors with numerous other benefits. Differentiating itself from other competitors with its blend of unique features, BlockDAG is showcasing the investors’ confidence in its technology to deliver 5000% ROI, leaving DeeStream presale behind. So, why miss out on this opportunity? Grab the chance before the BlockDAG presale ends!

Click the Link, and Explore BlockDAG Now!
Presale: https://purchase.blockdag.network
Website: https://blockdag.network
Telegram: https://t.me/blockDAGnetwork
Discord: https://discord.gg/Q7BxghMVyu
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates












Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   

39 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/blockdags-presale-outshines-deestream-and-cardano-with-its-5000-roi-potential/
Cryptocurrency Statistics 2023: Investing In Crypto	Bankrate	31-Aug-23	"The value of all existing cryptocurrency is around $1.05 trillion, with around $508 billion of that being attributed to Bitcoin (as of Aug. 28,..."		https://www.bankrate.com/investing/cryptocurrency-statistics/
What Is Crypto Gaming? – Forbes Advisor INDIA	Forbes	4-May-23	"The global video game market topped INR 15 trillion in 2021. As more players worldwide become fully immersed in online gaming worlds,..."		https://www.forbes.com/advisor/in/investing/cryptocurrency/what-is-crypto-gaming/
Why have cryptocurrency values rebounded recently and can they get back to previous peaks?	Australian Broadcasting Corporation	31-Oct-23	"Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin have been on a tear higher in recent weeks, although they're still well down on record highs."		https://www.abc.net.au/news/2023-11-01/why-have-cryptocurrency-values-rebounded/103048290
Is the Altcoin Market Primed for Growth Amid Bitcoin’s Volatility?	CoinGape	1 day ago	"Trader Henrik Zeberg predicts an altcoin surge, aiming for a $1.5 trillion market cap, excluding Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH)."		https://coingape.com/is-the-altcoin-market-primed-for-growth-amid-bitcoins-volatility/
"Shiba Inu (SHIB) Whale creates trend as huge Investment moves into DeeStream (DST) presale, as Chainlink (LINK ..."	Analytics Insight	4 days ago	The large investment made by Shiba Inu whale in the DeeStream presale starts a trend. Chainlink has another upsurge in the meantime.	"CryptocurrencyLatest News Shiba Inu (SHIB) Whale creates trend as huge Investment moves into DeeStream (DST) presale, as Chainlink (LINK) surges Again





 Market Trends 
 
February 14, 2024 2 mins read 


 

 
 













Good investors are always on the lookout for the next big investment, and the investors in the Web 3 space are no exception. The best investors keep an eye out for projects that look like they will give them a lot of returns. Projects that have real-world utility are the best sort of project. These projects help solve problems that a large enough market faces in a good enough way.
Now let’s take a look at a few projects that investors thought and, in some cases, still think can give them those returns. First Shiba Inu (SHIB), then Chainlink (LINK), and finally, DeeStream (DST), a decentralized streaming platform that plans to take control of the streaming industry.
Shiba Inu (SHIB)
Shiba Inu (SHIB)  has been showing a lot of green on the charts over the last week as the price has risen by around 5.36%, much to the happiness of short-term traders and investors. But unfortunately, that price increase hasn’t been enough to temper the fears and worries of a lot of long-term whales and holders, and the week’s price rise to $0.000009355 still accounts for a month’s drop of around 4.81% and a drop of 28.29% over the last year.
Chainlink (LINK)
Chainlink (LINK), on the other hand, has been making all of its short- and long-term investors happy. The charts show that the price has risen to $20.11, or by about 41.42% in the last month. While that has left smiles on traders’ faces, one can only imagine how much happier holders and whales are as Chainlink (LINK) price has increased by 188.42% in the last year. Talk about an investment with good returns.
DeeStream (DST) 
Now let’s talk about the project that has Shiba Inu (SHIB) whale pulling out huge funds and Chainlink (LINK) holders ready to invest their hard-earned returns in its presale.
DeeStream (DST) is the project that everyone is interested in. It is a decentralized streaming platform that plans to do what Kick and Twitch have done for the market, but better. It plans to take the streaming industry to a whole new level, and you have a chance to cash in on that right now.
DeeStream plans to focus on being creator-centric, first, by giving creators a lot more freedom with the sort of content they create on the platform. Then, they plan to have lower fees than traditional streaming platforms and multiple ways for creators to receive payouts. Finally, they plan to implement an instant withdrawal button so creators can access their funds anytime.
Then, they plan to focus on investors as well. All presale token holders will get to participate in their decision-making process and help determine what gets added and changed on the platform to keep it growing and entertaining. Considering all this and that they have already passed the audit, the presale price of just $0.035 makes almost no sense.
DeeStream may very well end up becoming a blue-chip crypto, and We believe that it is an investment you should check out.
Find out more about the DeeStream (DST) presale by visiting the website here
Join our WhatsApp and Telegram Community to Get Regular Top Tech Updates
	











Disclaimer: Any financial and crypto market information given on Analytics Insight are sponsored articles, written for informational purpose only and is not an investment advice. The readers are further advised that Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions. The decision to read hereinafter is purely a matter of choice and shall be construed as an express undertaking/guarantee in favour of Analytics Insight of being absolved from any/ all potential legal action, or enforceable claims. We do not represent nor own any cryptocurrency, any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the information provided shall be immediately informed here.




 
 Facebook
0  
 LinkedIn
0  
 Email
0   
Chainlink Crypto DeeStream DeeStream Presale Shiba Inu 
39 Views 0 Like"	https://www.analyticsinsight.net/shiba-inu-shib-whale-creates-trend-as-huge-investment-moves-into-deestream-dst-presale-as-chainlink-link-surges-again/
Top Analysts Predict the $0.01 Cryptocurrency Could Be the Next Big Thing Like Polygon (MATIC)	Coinpedia	4 days ago	"In the fast-paced world of cryptocurrency, every so often a new token emerges that captures the imagination of investors and analysts alike."		https://coinpedia.org/press-release/top-analysts-predict-crypto-could-be-next-big-thing-like-matic/
